Borys: Clickup head of GTM - February 27, 2026
https://app.bluedothq.com/preview/69a1f181511ca78f2866e109

---

0:00 - Borys Aptekar
I transitioned to sales ops and did a little bit of marketing ops. I kind of went around the funnel, so to speak, landed in RevOps and from RevOps actually sort of by accident almost made the jump into like go to market systems and technology and there I did a master's as I call it in configure price quotes or CPQ tools, did an implementation, kind of just giant change management exercise of implementing one of those. A company ran a go to market tech stack like by myself at a smaller company, about 400 people and then at ClickUp ended up sort of splitting that role down the middle. So my, when I initially came here I was kind of the product manager for a go to market technology team. They were very, kind of a very services oriented team. So like, hey, tell us what you want, we'll build whatever, right? Like no filter, no breaks. Which led to some interesting systems decisions and designs that they did their best and we had kind of an unruly kind of ops side as well. So bridging those two worlds when kind of the latest iteration of Gen AI came out. So LLMs, wow, everybody's so excited. I actually got a cool chance to take that kind of lens and perspective and apply it to go to market applications of that technology. Right. So we are particularly blessed here at pickup with a really, really well invested in and very mature data engineering function. So we have a very well modeled set of data and tables and we just kind of have already done a lot of the stitching that is oftentimes like 80% of what these tools do. 

1:49 - Sammy Sidhu
Right. 

1:49 - Borys Aptekar
So for instance, before, you know, we never had gong, we already had chorus. We already pulled a lot of all of our transcripts into a pipeline. That pipeline would persist in the data warehouse that would do some analysis. We had layered LLMs into that pipeline so that we could extract certain insights and package it up and do all that stuff. When gone came knocking and they were like, look at all this stuff we can do. And we're like, well we already do that. We've already built the infrastructure to handle that. It's kind of an example of the position that we were in. But that said, we still tried and built a couple of things that still stand to this day that we're still about evolving. And then other things that we built that didn't really work out, that we then found vendors for and transitioned those workloads. And then there's obviously kind of the raw frontier now as LLM capabilities and all the tooling around it is ever growing and ever being invested In So we're constantly in that evaluation cycle of technology. Build this ourselves specifically for us or are there vendors on the market that we can kind of integrate into the tech stack and kind of just leverage instead of having to go through the build and maintenance cycle ourselves. 

3:05 - Sammy Sidhu
Yeah, that makes sense. 

3:08 - Borys Aptekar
Yeah. 

3:08 - Sammy Sidhu
I would be curious if you could walk me through some of the projects you've done doing AI into gtm. What were the pain points and what ended up being the solution? 

3:18 - Borys Aptekar
Yes, I think first we did the classic stuff, right? So everybody wanted to do a SDR and I had an interesting manager who was like super gung ho about like, I don't know, sales reps suck. Like we have a very inbound heavy team. They've been so used. We have a really good marketing team as well. So they've been super used to inbound, to transact inbound. One of the big like company defining efforts that we've had is like how to get the sales team to be more of an outbound seller, more you know, capable of generating their own demand versus just waiting for inbound to come through. And even in inbound like having them fight to sell more than just like oh you want five seats, here you go, here's five seats, like $300, yay. I'm gonna make my quota from that. So we did AISDR were inbound, right? So the considerations were like hey, we can reduce the amount of reps that we have. We can bolster some of our place, right? So for instance in Latam or APAC or Anz specifically like we just don't have people, we still have a bunch of people like inbound requests and like you somebody has to like sort this stuff from the craft, from the quality stuff. So our AES were actually deployed there don't have to do that themselves. They can spend more time selling, right? And there was a lot of intent to if this worked out how this go up market like we were starting our micro segments, have this go upmarket, have it be actually capable of not only like SDR as qualification usually, but also of actually selling, right? So we gave it the capability to generate kind of self serve links to sell our enterprise product which is usually paywall or like contact sales form walled, right? So you have to like contact sales to be able to get a quote from that. And we were like hey, like we can just skip over that and let the AI kind of sell, right? So that was a classic. We other classics were just like on rep behalf like automations, right? Form or not form fills but Field filling Salesforce Medpic account research recommendations was kind of an interesting angle that we had of just like we have content but like how do you get that Con reps to use that content in their selling cycles make success, but you can do more like intellect, like intellectual, more intelligent recommendations than just like here's our top three performing pieces of content for this segment. It's like can do a little bit more. We did a lot of work on support, so support. We do have a vendor in place called Maven for kind of the raw answering tickets. Right. So it's a co pilot for our support team. But for a lot of the support processes was where we found an interesting niche of like how do you do like Zendesk doesn't really give you much and we have so much volume of support or support tickets that like every time a rep gets a new ticket, it's basically a round robin system. They don't know what's going on in the account. It takes a little bit of time. Multiple people could be reporting the same issue. Even the taxonomy of issues that we use that then maps over into our EPD funnels is quite complicated. It takes somebody thinking about what is this issue, where does it go towards what resources do I use to solve it, et cetera. We were able to build a set of of workflows and pipelines to alleviate that with with AI. So I can speak a little bit more about that because that is a class of tooling is where we found a good niche for building internally. Right? Yeah. And then finally I'll kind of click on cx. We had some like AI renewals, risk estimator and again sort of classic workflows. But they also benefited from some of the support pieces because the support kind of flow flows into their awareness. So before that they had to just like, well brute force it, like go to Zendesk, find what your kind of customers are saying. But we were able to a pull it into risk churn risk detection workflow that we set up but also just like get them some summarization of like what's going on. Right. That isn't them needing to like sometimes have 300 accounts. So being able to drop like hey, this week here's what happened in this account on your kind of account tracker was pretty strangely high leverage for us apparently. And then there's kind of a long tail of stuff. We use it for some of our XDR flows, we use it for sentiment analysis. We do write copy using AI, although a lot of people do like fully personalized Outbound, we don't really do that. We didn't find a lot of uplift on that. So we, we use it to like in copywriting but not in like in active pipeline personalization. We have a really cool one that I'm particularly proud of which is order ops PDF reviewer. So PDFs were like this kind of final frontier. You can automate like system comparisons because they were comparing between Salesforce and the order form and Ironclad and our subscription management system. And so you can do the system to system comparisons programmatically in the old world. But like you could never have like something. Yeah, okay. I used to work for an OCR esque company. Like it was expensive to like set up OCR and do data extraction like unstructured data and destructured data. So you could do these comparisons. But with LLMs we're actually able to. Around the era of Gemini 2.0 Pro 2.0 it got good enough that we could basically use it to extract whatever was on these pretty structured order forms and tick the boxes and make it structured data and then run the comparisons. So we built a pipeline that does that on behalf of our deal desk team which elevates them out of needing to open the order form. See what changed on this one is this right versus the system that's helped our finance team as well because they do it also in the pre close reviews. Right. So I, I really like that one. Again I came from a company that like used to do this for banks and it was very, very difficult and terrible and you know, LLMs changed the game on that. So that's a broad survey. There's more stuff that, that we've had our, our fingers on. But if there's particular things that you're interested in from either what I said or that that you guys are kind of starting want to dig towards, I'm happy to answer any questions there. 

10:26 - Jay Chia
Before we go there, I'm curious to. You mentioned quite a few teams that you're building kind of AI tools to enable. Also how big are these teams and just for us to get a rough sense of what that landscape looks like. 

10:38 - Borys Aptekar
Yeah, sellers is easy. We have about 230 sellers. So that's XDRs and actual quota carrying AES. Our CX team is about 50, 60, actually 100 people because we have a digital adoption component which is like very, very like pooled CSMs. Think of that like on demand resources. Basically that team's about 50 and then our true CSM teams about another 50 people. Then our deal desk teams, about 10 people are support teams, I think about 150 to 200. They're pretty big. And then internal ops teams, you know, stuff like that. Maybe another 20 or 30 or so people that get served by that. 

11:30 - Sammy Sidhu
That makes sense. I'm also curious on like, you know, for the projects you worked on, like the med picked you eval and the other ones, how much of the data comes from internal sources like your call recording, CRMs, email versus you pulling in external signals 

11:48 - Borys Aptekar
for that kind of stuff. It's primarily internal, right? I would probably say like 95%. I think we did have certain call outs to like exa or perplexity to do like sort of broad level account enrichment because you don't usually get that from like a zoom info or something like that. Yeah, you get like a very, very high level descriptor. But we would go and like pull certain pages from their websites that would be potentially interesting to us. We did do a sort of attempt at like signals, but for like stuff like Medpic it wasn't, it was just a little too far removed. So yeah, we would do just sort of general enrichment, qualitative enrichment and then feed that into the pipeline. And it did yield better results. Right. So it can get, then maybe there's some industry specific stuff that it can talk to or like industry specific processes that it can name. This was actually interesting for three whys. So we automated kind of three whys, which is like the selling framework, generating that sort of like draft for the reps from the conversations that I've already had. Right. So basically it would have like one or two calls and it would go, okay, here's what we've gathered from those discovery calls. Like here's where you're at relative to a really, really good filled out one. Right? Here's maybe some of the things that you still need to get. And so it could do things like hey, the person on. We would look at the people who were on the calls and their titles and we would say, hey, you might want to follow up with this person to see if this is a process that they run and they have problems with. Like they mentioned something that's relevant to that. And so some of that again does come from that sort of external enrichment, but primarily internal. 

13:41 - Jay Chia
Then you mentioned that except perplexity, you did see better results. How do you all usually measure that? Is it like response rates, meetings, bug, like close deals? Like what's the. 

13:50 - Borys Aptekar
It's a lot of very qualitative stuff, right? There's just, there are places where we can do for this kind of content generation type stuff, it's generally because it's aimed at internal audiences. Your. Yeah, you could kind of measure like who uses it or, or stuff like that, like more consumer type metrics around it. But we would just do focus groups a lot, right? Like you sit down, a couple of reps, you say hey, these are your deals. Like let's run this for your deal. Like what do you see, what do you like, what do you not like? And so you get a bunch of qualitative feedback, work that into the prompts, run it again with them in a couple days. We would use the managers too, like hey, if you're represented this to you at a deal review, what would you say we did do at some point? Kind of a fun one where we would do like AI generated versus human and see which one the flm's first line manager would prefer. So that was kind of fun. We ended up to get edging in eating the, the human ones, except the really good reps. I guess it's just like running your own evals basically. Yeah, yeah. And that's a, that's sort of a soft spot I think still in the industry. The only tool I really know of for that kind of stuff is like latitude. And I just stumbled into, I mean, hey, I'm not really, really, I would say I'm not really an AI engineer. And so there's limited like to us, good enough is kind of like you kind of know it when you see it. It's not as serious as if I was really, really building a product, but it is still kind of a little bit difficult to. Here's a good one. Like classifications. So we have a couple of classification pipelines that we run and how do you like we've set up frameworks now, but there's nothing out of the box that I know other than latitude that can do like let's say a model gets deprecated, right? We still have some stuff running on 4.0 that we're moving over, right. And you sort of kind of like hope and pray that it goes well. And again, we've built some frameworks that allow us to kind of quantify that against like a golden data set and things like that. But it's a pain, right? Like there's no suite of tools that I know that neatly plugs into the like tooling that we would use to run that kind of qualification and more automated analysis of like hey, you know, 5.2 is performing worse than 5.1. Maybe this is why? Because this prompt element, blah blah, blah, blah blah. 

16:40 - Sammy Sidhu
Right? Yeah, yeah, I know, it's interesting. I feel like a lot of the tools for that specifically are more catered to agent builders or LLM builders rather than the end users essentially. 

16:53 - Borys Aptekar
Right. 

16:54 - Jay Chia
Or like everyone's building agents. Right. So not just the engineers, like AI engineers trying to build agents. 

17:00 - Borys Aptekar
Yeah, yeah. And I think it's. We're an interesting like subclass of like primarily the tools that we, we're building. AI automation. Right. We are not building agents because we do need to sort of, we're still kind of catering to a human on the other side. Human expects to log into the CRM and see this data there. Right. And so it's not really agentic, it's more like pipelines moving across. And so yeah, it'd be cool to solve some of those agents, but you almost don't need to. You're like, why would I need to do that? Like, these are pretty straightforward things. Like you classify. You put the data here, let's go. AISDR is a little bit different in that like it does have certain tools that it can use to like continue conversation or shunt a conversation to other places, but we actually have probably built it in a. It's due for an update. So I say this knowing that we're scoping a more like truly agentic architecture for it, but what we ended up building it as is a very, maybe more layered but still pretty definitive code based workflow where you will classify a message and you will think of the outcome that needs to happen. And based on that classification, you perform an action. We are the agent harness. We're not letting the LLM kind of drive itself. We're like, okay, this is this kind of thing. Okay, so then this. So it's still a very deterministic workflow. It's just a more complex one with a bunch of branches that help it handle sort of the complexity. And then, you know, you layer human review over the top of it and you can get a decent amount of leverage out of even a small team. 

18:52 - Sammy Sidhu
Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. I want to switch gears a little bit and learn a little bit more about like how your AES are working. So when your AES are preparing for a call or working a deal, what does their research workload typically look like and where do they go for that information? 

19:09 - Borys Aptekar
Yeah, so we push a lot of data to the places where they're working out of. So for instance, they work out of Pocus as well as Salesforce. We push data into Salesforce and Data Warehouse and that surfaces in focus as well. So that is kind of core research and positioning kind of information from our side hocus. We do pay for their AI package. It does some the same stuff, but it also helps them do like email personalization and those kinds of things. To be honest, I don't know how much they actually use that. Again, we've not actually seen that much if any uplift from like AI driven personalization in outbound. It maybe makes the workflow a little bit smoother because you're like, well I have to write something. So like let's shoot whatever AI says to write, I'll shoot it over. But it's not like you know, we run kind of tests and compared fully AI written personalized emails versus like hooks versus, you know, templated emails. And they perform very, very similarly, at least for us. Yeah, so maybe it takes something off the rep, but generally pretty pretty much the same when reps are dialing out of nooks. This is one of our little crown jewels. We do write call scripts for them. So there's a pipeline that kind of takes what that prospect, why are we contacting that prospect? What did they qualify for? And any call script we have these we start with for the type of signal or campaign that they're enrolled in. Picking that up and kind of crafting the relevant call script. So that just gets exposed to them as they literally are dialing in and connects and they could start reading off of it. They're not super, again, super expansive. They're pretty programmatic. But there's enough kind of they're there and if we can connect certain dots for the reps, we will. So if they're a power user and they're flagged for this kind of play, then it will write using product a lot. Right. So there's a little bit more flavor in there. So if I'm sorry 

21:44 - Sammy Sidhu
a little bit. So I understand correctly, it's the, the AES are not necessarily like doing their own research. You kind of like doing a automation to kind of like almost like presynthesize that for them. 

21:54 - Borys Aptekar
Yeah, yeah. And we are pretty tight now on. There's a couple of things that work in our favor to do this. We're pretty tight in terms of the accounts that they own. Right. So they own like 30 to 50 accounts. It's not like they're owning a giant territory that like oh like today I'm going to go PG into the next hundred accounts. Right. They know who they own and so yeah, there's kind of like a new stream component to it of like what's happening in these accounts but we haven't again like a lot of people flocked to that early on of like oh you can reach out when they raise funding or whatever a. That works in a particular like target market of tech companies selling to tech companies which we are not necessarily. And people tend to like I don't know, I've been at a company that's raised a round of funding. My budget for tools does not go up magically because we have more money. Right. And so I just question sort of some of the value of those kind of news based signals. Our market is also like very, very, very open. Work with agencies, we work with tech companies, we work with you know, mom and pop chain stores. Like it's, it's work organization. At the end of the day it's pretty, pretty generic. So net net I think there's a lot of like our philosophy has been to try to put things into the places where they're already working versus build net new. And that's not always true for other teams but for our AES they already are in so many tools that it was hard to be like hey, we're going to set up, we tried, we're going to set up a new tool for you, right? We built a front end. We use Retool quite heavily and so we built front ends for them. We were like you can go in here and do all these things and they didn't want to do that. They were like I'm in Salesforce and Ironclad and Nux and Pocus already. Don't add more stuff over the top of that. Our CX team though and our support team, they're much more amenable to having custom built tools so they have certain apps like to get context. So our DA team again as I told you, digital adoption, they're very on demand so they don't know who they're going to meet with. So they have a dashboard of like hey, here's your calls for the day. Here's what these companies do, here's how they're using the product, right? So we can go and scrape information from externally and internally our product usage. Here's what this person said that they were booking with you for. Here's what you could potentially show them. Here's some relevant help center articles if you don't, whatever the capabilities. Here's some potentially relevant new feature releases that we've had that they might not know about, right? So we've done a pretty good job of like giving them some insight into what's coming up and they use bespoke tools for that because Zendesk is not gonna work. 

25:07 - Jay Chia
How does the DA team book meetings do you like, is this like inbound? Usually people are like oh, teach me how to use ClickUp. 

25:12 - Sammy Sidhu
I see. 

25:13 - Borys Aptekar
Yeah. So we do, we book via a. We just like enroll people in campaigns and basically it's an adoption play for us. So like if people adopt they'll invite more users. So it's, we're, yeah, it's free services but we'll take the P and L hit to get people deeper into the product. We also use it as an offer in other just like generic like think cold outbound campaigns or we'll say like hey, you're like a, a recently founded workspace that seems to be showing some promise. Like book with, with these guys and then we can try to upsell you later. So it's a, it's a way for us to provide value without costing us too much. It's an offshore team. And then you know, we will put just the bookings onto their calendars. So they're much more like, okay, I just show up and I walk people through whatever they need. 

26:07 - Jay Chia
That makes sense. Yeah. Curiously here actually like one of the things that we've been thinking about a lot and some people are doing this already is thinking about the non technical folks kind of flocking to something like cloud cowork as their central. Like hey, this is what I interact with all the time and you know, cloud cowork then being this the hub for like interacting with Salesforce, pocus nuxt all the other tools on the back end. Is that something that you're seeing happening within the company or something that maybe the company is trying to push towards or not maybe too early for any of that. 

26:35 - Borys Aptekar
Oh man, I feel like this is on everybody's lips and even I'm starting to like play with cloud code and like we, we got provision cursor licenses so I grabbed one even though I don't, I don't know how to code. I, I'm, I'm very much an imposter in this case. And like I kept read, here's a fun one. I kept reading about people saying oh yeah, I have swarms of agents that are doing all this research. And I was like, oh man, like how are they doing that? Like when I think about building, I have an outmoded way of thinking about building an agent where you're like, you need an agent. Harness and you need to all the code around it and the while loop. And then I watched a YouTube video a couple of two weeks ago or something like that, where it's just like, this guy is just like into cloud code, like, generate me like five agents to parallelize this work. And then Claude did it and I'm like, oh, so that's what these people are talking about. Okay, so one of the interesting things is I feel like in the last couple of days maybe that it's just gotten to me. It's probably been around for a little while and just trickling down to my layer of the strata. MCP servers have become much more of a thing. Right. And I think maybe it's because Claude has gained popularity. Anthropic was always kind of at the forefront of mcp and now they can push. There's like, you're building the connection from both sides, right? So ZoomInfo has an MCP that I want to try because it's on my afternoon to do to play around with it. Because, like, that's an interesting model for doing certain things, right? For interacting with data when you don't have to, you know what you want, but now you're interested, like the UI is getting in the way or you're waiting for it to load and whatever. Right? Um, and another, another place where we have that is like we have a series of marketing events, like local field marketing events that we want to set up for. There's going to be a hundred of them, like in the next year. Okay. So classically before that event, you have to send out an invite list. And to send out an invite list, you need to find a list of people in Zoom Info and enrich them and then push them into, you know, convert them into some format and send that CS into Iterable. Iterable is going to generate an email, it's going to send it to them, blah, blah, blah. And like what we were asked to do, we. I'm now like supporting our growth team. And we were asked like, how can we systematize this? And it's like, well, it's annoying because of all the system interactions. Like, there's no Zoom info to Iterable, like thing or like enroll these people in this campaign. And then like, that's not something that exists. But what if all we had to do was schedule some cron job that just runs an agent that is connected to those two MCPs and is like, okay, find me all the people that match this description in Boston and then take that list of People enrich it and then send that list, transform it in this way and send it to iterables MCP and enroll them in this campaign. Like, that's interesting, right? Like, that is a much somewhat revolutionary. Now, as an ops person, I do say that's a little bit unsettling because that is difficult to inspect. You know, like we said, you know, then it's like somebody's personal Claude agent. Claude code agent doing this on their machine. It or their machine, virtually their machine. Like, if it breaks, I have no way to intervene. I have no way to inspect the workflow and say, okay, these are the people that it pulled. Oh, it fucked up. And it didn't say Boston, it actually said Atlanta. And so now we invited a bunch of people in Atlanta to a Boston event. Yeah, that. That part is still very, very frightening. And so I think that's where I'm kind of coming to it is. And I've been having this discussion with a couple of other people of like, it's all really cool for the end user, but like, as ops, you sort of sit in this elevated position where you are then responsible for the system you build. And like, that cuts. There's two ways that that cuts, right? Like, if I think of like replit or all the app builders or whatever, they get the building, but nobody wants to maintain an app. People move on. I can't move on. And that's why I can't really use this. I'm not a developer. It wrote some fucking code for me. That's great. If I'm going to use the app once or twice, if I need to maintain it and debug it and understand if something goes wrong. How do I do that? Like, I need the abstraction of like a retool or low code builder so that I can say what's going on? And be like, oh, I want to rerun this workflow, run that error, because it still needs to go and be enrolled in this campaign or whatever the hell. I just like, I fixed the bug or like, understood what the data, where the data broke or whatever. Can't do that with like these, these apps, right? And second is just like the, the responsibility. It's just like, it's so hard. You have to be able to delegate responsibility in an accountable way. And I can't quite do that. So I can, I can have it do the thing, but I can't, like, you know, as an admin Persona, I can't control who does what thing, right? Or I can only control it through like, sort of. I Hope it respects the underlying permissions. Right. Because it's their, you know, user and through OAuth. But like, I don't know. I don't know even within those bounds, like you can have somebody screw up what they're doing. 

32:45 - Sammy Sidhu
Right. 

32:45 - Jay Chia
I guess, like, if I were to understand then you're saying that very interesting and potentially revolutionary as like a co worker that you interact with and interactively work with it, but a completely automated and like self kind of autonomous, like cron job thing that just runs in the background that is maybe a little bit further out. Which actually, if you think about coding today, it's pretty much the same too. Even within the coding space. Right? 

33:07 - Sammy Sidhu
Yeah. Okay. 

33:08 - Borys Aptekar
Yeah, yeah. I think like everybody's pushing the like, oh, just let it, let it do whatever, right? All the stories of like, oh yeah, the Claude engineer just like walked away, gave it a spec and walked away for the weekend it was built. It's like, yeah, okay, like I could kind of see that. But that is like frightening. No? Like you don't know what's in there. So when it breaks, like, you better hope Claude can fix it because like, it's like you just. I don't know. I'm old school. I'm now realizing that I've like aged into a age cohort where I'm like holding on to my past and my past is becoming, you know, back in my day. Yeah, back in my day, you know, kids who are just like, I want to pull all of this and I'm like, no, don't do that. That's stupid. But I do think again, I say this to give you guys context for like, where my opinion is coming from. Like, I do think the, the context of like responsibility and accountability to what that system then does is a hard one to solve in enterprise space. Because, like, enterprise space actually does depend on repeatable, correct, auditable stuff. There's gonna be. I dread the day I went through an IPO readiness thing with a prior company and there's a very nice guy from PWC who came by and was like, how do you define customer? Show me in systems how you define customer. And that is a valid question because we're gonna put customer on our S1, right? We have 5000x customers. Show me how you calculate that. 

34:58 - Sammy Sidhu
Right? 

34:58 - Borys Aptekar
And if I can't do that, that's bad. That's like, ultimately that's just bad. 

35:06 - Sammy Sidhu
Yeah, that's really interesting. So I guess how does that translate to how you think about vendors? How do you think about how you interact with things? That you might build versus buy. 

35:18 - Borys Aptekar
We tend to avoid over buying, I think. So we try not to. I mean, look, like every. We're pretty good at centralizing procurement. We have a lot of security and IT requirements. They go through evaluations. We stay away from black box vendors. We've turned down multiple vendors which are basically services teams masquerading as like SaaS. So one that I'll kind of call out because I really didn't like them was like one mind. One mind is an AI video avatar thing that you set up and talks to your customers and blah, blah. And the red flag started pretty early because they were like talking to us about how they do their integrations and they can integrate to whatever and blah, blah. I'm like, okay, well like this sounds really great, but like, actually show me your platform so I can kind of visualize. And they're like, oh, we don't have a back end. You're like, what do you mean? And they're like, oh, yeah, that's like a Q1 or Q2 priority for us. Like, we'll build it, but for now you just rely on us to make any changes. And we're like, we don't like that. Right? Strike one, strike two, and three and four were their MSA and like their contracting positions and all that stuff, right? But there are certain tells that we now see where it's just like, okay, like, so you can't explain how this works and we can't control how this works. Like, we're out. I mean, like, you'd never get full inspection capability. You don't know what system prompt they're running, what LLM settings they're using or LLM they're even using, right? Unless you dig into their sub processors. But like, there, there's more or less visibility and configuration that you have, right? And we tend to work with vendors where either through an established relationship, like for Maven, they're very, very open with us about how their internals work. And we work pretty deeply with them to customize that to our use case because we're one of their early clients and, you know, we have that relationship or we pick tools that, you know, have, you know, or not. Course, GONG is an interesting one, right? Like GONG has moved over into the AI space, but they've also done it fairly responsibly, maybe fairly safely, right. Which kind of limits their, their capabilities to some extent. But you know what they're doing, right? You can, you have the knobs and dials to turn. And so it comes to Vendor selection. And then secondly, because again, a lot of these tools make their bread and butter through data orchestration at the end of the day, right? Like to anybody can write the prompt and you can even set up the LLM. If you're just making money off of taking my data from some transactional system and putting it into that prompt for context, like, we can build that. We can build at least 80 or to 90% of it and put it exactly where it needs to go versus having to carry yet another system and system integration and like surface area for stuff to go wrong and like a distractor in terms of like, you or reps now need to live somewhere else. Right. And so I think we arrived at an interesting equilibrium point where like I sat in on a demo of like Hockey Stack and Hockey Stack went from like a marketing attribution to now pivoting fully into like, go to market agents, right. And sat in there with a set of people who are XDR leadership, right. Who are very like, you know, exuberant. They run young teams who want to be on the forefront of stuff. 

39:24 - Sammy Sidhu
Right. 

39:25 - Borys Aptekar
And we watched the demo and I was kind of like, okay, there's pushback I have and deeper questions I have. And they all came like, we did the review internally and they were all like, yeah, I don't know. That seems like too much. It's really vague. It's another platform that we have to live in. I was just like, yes, we have taught them well. Right. So there's some level of organizational maturity to also be like, okay, does this solve the specific problem or is this just more like kind of showy, flashy demos? I think people are getting tired of, like, everybody has an agent that's going to solve all your problems, but, like, they have experience with an agent that was supposed to solve all their problems and didn't and would prefer something that is a little bit more grounded in reality. 

40:13 - Jay Chia
Let me also reflect some things and let me know if I'm getting this right. It feels like there's a sense of, hey, everyone's trying to sell like the new interface to where my team is supposed to work. And now my team has like five different places it's supposed to go to and everyone kind of build their own agents. But like, you know, like, that's becoming almost exhausting from a, from a vendor perspective. And it's part of the evaluation process at this point. 

40:36 - Borys Aptekar
Yeah. And there are some things that, again, I'm old school, but I just like, I don't believe that you want to work with Your CPQ exclusively through a chat interface. Like, that's just hard. And so I'm seeing some of these demos where, yes, you can have the workflow get set up by Claude through an MCP to your map, et cetera, but at some point you're going to have to go into that thing to inspect it and be like, yep, this set up the journey correctly. Or this works as I expect it to. I just am like, again, we're shifting. It's going to take me the same amount of time. It's just like, I'm not going to have to build it by hand, but I'm going to have to spend the same amount of time reviewing and making sure that I get it and I did it right. I'm not yet at that point where I'm just going to trust, like, hey, we're going to send 10,000 emails or 100,000, like, we send campaigns in the hundreds of thousands of emails to something that, like, I haven't inspected. You know, like, that's a lot of trust to place into. Into AI. And so you end up, I think it, it reflects back, like what, what you said earlier about coding. Right. Where my sense is like, yes, there are people who are just like, running the risk of like, I'm just going to have cloud generate everything and I'm going to let it run. And we're. Maybe you have some really good harness of like, Claude does this and then you have another agent that has the context to do the QA and the checks and, you know, and maybe there's a way to get it right. But I think as the company gets bigger or the, the scales or consequences get bigger, just like, this is hard to. 

42:28 - Jay Chia
Yeah. 

42:29 - Borys Aptekar
To like, truly trust. Right. 

42:31 - Jay Chia
Yeah. 

42:32 - Borys Aptekar
At least for now. And especially when you think about it, it's us. It's not even developers doing this. It's like idiot marketing people or idiot salespeople. And you're just like, what did you tell it to do? We had reps trying to beat, like, we had an FM come in and with like, naked Chat GPT, he was like, oh, yeah, you got to plug in your top 10 accounts in there and ask it who you should contact at those accounts and what their emails are. And I'm like, brother, what are we doing here? You realize it has no context. It's going to be pretty good. But it doesn't take a lot to pitch a productivity software. It takes a lot to pitch it. Right. Of course, I believe in that. But yeah, you get into some scary. You're Using AI to do what? What did you ask it to do? Even people internally, where I see, and I'm sure I'm on the spectrum there as well, AI has a jagged edge of capabilities. People have a jagged edge of AI capabilities. Right. And people have very, you know, certain blind spots in terms of where they can see that something went wrong or that AI is not getting it right or it should be different and where they don't. And so, again, it just creates this kind of interesting regulatory environment where you're like, what trust do I place where right and how do I get there? 

44:06 - Jay Chia
Yeah, that makes sense, I guess. Would love to take maybe like one or two more minutes. 

44:11 - Borys Aptekar
I'm free for the next little while. 

44:13 - Jay Chia
So you mentioned that y' all use pocus Nuxt Maven. So you have evaluated, I guess, like some of these AI platforms and decided to adopt them. I'm curious, like, what that pattern was. Were you all looking out for AI products in certain categories and evaluated and found them, or was it more opportunistic, like, oh, this new thing popped up, Someone got a reach out, and you're like, oh, demo seems interesting. Let's pilot. 

44:36 - Borys Aptekar
Yeah, we've been fairly intentional. So of those platforms, nuxt, I wouldn't even really count as an AI platform. I know they pitch themselves to be. But they're a power dialer. Come on, guys. Yeah, you can layer AI into it. But whatever. Maven, for instance, we did find specifically because. And our support team's always been interesting. I love working with them. They started down a process and systems maturity path a lot earlier than the rest of the organization. And so they're actually very ahead probably by a year, year and a half, which in enterprise terms is a lot Enterprise. We're a 1500 person company. But you really feel it. They're very systematic in how they make these decisions. And when we found Maven, like, the directive was very classically, like, corporate driven. Like, hey, you need to, like Jenny is the thing. You need to find a way to increase yourselves per hour, which is their core kind of like north star metric, by 20% over the next year. Figure out what you need to do it right. But, like, you got. You got to do it right. And Maven didn't take us the whole, like 20%, but. And it wasn't instant. I think this is the other thing that a lot of people miss with these AI tools is like, it's not snap your fingers and like, oh, your agents here, and everything's working great. It took time and we did a Bake off. We tried to do the same thing internally because the core of the technology at the time was pretty straightforward. You call your help center, you have some additional context you give and you do semantic search on the customer's query and you find the articles that match and you feed those into the context window and you do the thing. Ultimately, it wasn't even that we couldn't get responses of similar quality, because we could. Right? The technologies weren't that complex. I mean, they were complex because they were new at the time, but they weren't like the. The fact that I can describe that to you with some accuracy is. Shows how basic it was. But it was actually a lot of all the other stuff you have to build alongside. Like, one of the things that blew our minds was like Maven came back to us and they were like, hey. So we did an analysis of all the tickets that we got poor ratings on and found the gaps in your help center that you need to now write articles for or clarify articles in such that you would get better responses this way. Hey, that's a tool that's part of this platform. And we'll keep evaluating stuff as your product changes. There's new ticket categories, etc. And we're like, okay, we could build that, but there's always that evolution of stuff that's coming down the pipe. And you're like, it really started to like, software isn't just building it. Software is built and maintained. And we realized that for something like that, we really didn't want to maintain. And it was a good bet too, because like, if I think about Maven, we initially rolled out Maven for just email. Again, this is to the like, it takes time to cover all of this stuff, right? Like, no agent is going to solve your problems instantly. We rolled it out. It did really, really well with how to tickets. How do I do XYZ and platform really good bugs. Not so good. Because your help center doesn't contain descriptions of bugs. Why would it? That'd be terrible. Here are all the bugs I have. Exploit them. Didn't really do well on picking up on bug tickets. We still had to escalate those. And then we eventually built a different knowledge set that's more internal about like in flight bugs that we could bolt into Maven and see if it matches any of those. And changed our process to have, you know, bug descriptions in the bug tickets that could be matched against what the customer said. Because that didn't exist before from an EPD perspective. They were just like, it's a bug that does this in this part of the code. Right. But that's hard to match against when you're trying to match it to a customer problem. What else do we. You couldn't do billing tickets. And billing tickets were like 20 to 25% of our support volume. Right. Because billing has certain criteria for beyond just answering the question. It's like, who is this person that is asking this question? What really did happen in the transaction log that's coming out of a homebrewed system that is not integrated to anything? You know, there's no easy bake oven integration for it from Maven, so you have to build one and security has now it's customer information, customer payment information that you're potentially revealing. You need to know who you're revealing to that they're the workspace admin or owner of this specific workspace and not a different one. Right. Like, it just like gets complicated and that takes months and months to figure out and you only have so many people working on it that you know, their attention can only be devoted to one thing. So our journey with Maven has been two years, two years plus now. And there's still things that they're working on, on implementing as like new functionality comes out on their from their tools perspective and things that we want to do and change in our business. Right. 

50:15 - Jay Chia
Somebody's going to hop in just a bit. 

50:18 - Sammy Sidhu
It was very chatting. Thank you so much. 

50:20 - Jay Chia
I have one last question I'd love to ask you though, which is that you mentioned Maven as kind of being like you're looking for a very specific set of tools that increase of metric, right. Which is like 20% increase solve metrics. Are there any other top of mind ones maybe specifically 2026 that you're like, oh, AI is kind of in the realm now of being able to do this and company wide they're like, okay, let's solve for this metric this year somehow and figure it out. 

50:47 - Borys Aptekar
Ooh, I think we're starting to focus on more on. So AICR is making a comeback, right. How do we sort of. We've had this long running program that tackles like inbound, but how do we refresh it? Right. So that's where a lot of my current attention is going is like, are there vendors we want to use? Do we want to like currently it's all being done over email. So you submit a form, then you get an email back. And that's like a very nice async communication method that we can kind of control the play on. We can bring human reviewers into very easily. 

51:27 - Jay Chia
But I mean, sorry, just to double check that you said AISDR specifically, not the BDR kind of pure outbound. 

51:33 - Borys Aptekar
Outbound, yeah, it's more inbound and handling. Yeah, so we'll actually, we join the two sort of. So we can do programmatic. So we'll send cold outbound campaigns and when somebody responds, we'll carry the conversation with an aisdr. Right. So like it's not really handling the outbound. Yeah, yeah. There's a reason we have the term XDR internally because we have sdr, BDR and mdr. It's like market development rep. It's just like they go over everything. It's a very overlay team. But yeah, so there's now like the reason I brought up one mind was because one mind pitched this kind of AI avatar. Okay. Like, is that what something that people are interested in? Could we have a real time experience as opposed to an async email experience where we catch people, right, as they're, you know, submitting a form or they're interested in something on the website? Can we have it be, you know, more capable in terms of what it can drive? Hey, I created this workspace for you, right? Or I created this workspace and already set up this guide for you in there. Or hey, if you want to buy this like specific package that we can pitch to you, click here to check out for your workspace. Like, I've set it up for you, right? So having it be able to truly drive more action as an AI SDR seller. Can it do demos, right? Like there's some more pie in the sky things of like, we just have 

53:11 - Jay Chia
so much more than just sending emails, but actually being able to interact with your systems to like drive the sales process forward, essentially. 

53:18 - Borys Aptekar
Correct. And just because like we're so spread out, we have such a big long tail, especially geographically in like LATAM and apac that like we can't throw everything to an AE that shows, you know, intent. So how do we serve that volume more programmatically? And then as the tech grows, people maybe start opting into that experience. You're like, oh, I can do chat with this thing at 11pm rather than having to wait till next day. Or I'll chat with this thing, get some information, share some of mine, and I'll get to skip the SDR and go to an AE directly. Okay, right. Like that's the game I always play when I have all vendors is like, see if I can skip the SDR prequel. Like I'LL schedule. 

54:09 - Jay Chia
Don't go through the sdr, just go 

54:11 - Borys Aptekar
straight to the sales process, straight to the seller. Right. Like I'll give you the information. Like, I want to talk to somebody, but I want to save myself the 30 minutes of qualification conversation so I know I'm qualified. 

54:22 - Jay Chia
Yeah, interesting. But like the SDR process is almost for the benefit of the seller, which is you. 

54:28 - Borys Aptekar
It's for the benefit of the company. Right. You don't want to, you want to separate, weep from chaff. Not everybody's like that. Right. So it's an interesting game to like play. 

54:40 - Jay Chia
Most like information gathering that the SDR is because you have other people. The AE takes on the role right after when you have the information. 

54:48 - Sammy Sidhu
Yeah. Very cool. 

54:49 - Jay Chia
Very cool. 

54:50 - Borys Aptekar
What are you. I mean, I can stay over, but I'm curious what you guys are working 

54:55 - Jay Chia
on in that realm. We're not trying to build the end to end, like sales agent thing. All we're doing is we're trying to build very intelligent market intelligence. So, like kind of, kind of what you just said. 

55:06 - Borys Aptekar
Right? 

55:06 - Jay Chia
Hey, like what we, what we think is that agents today have connectors to all sorts of internal things. Salesforce like, you know, nooks everything. But if you think about it, they only have a small window to the world for external information to website. It's very small. Right. But you know, if say, say Eventual comes to ClickUp and starts talking to you all you probably want like a feed of everything Eventual that makes sense for ClickUp. Right. Like every single blog post I've written, like, who's a CEO, who's a cto? Is the CTO more of a technical person? Are they more of a field cto? Like, are they giving talks? Like, are they the one doing sales? It's all very nuanced. And what we do is we bring together all the information for your like, person, all the employees and all their activity, and then present it to your, to your AI as context. So we're just like the external window essentially, usually over two main entities, people and companies. So whatever AI system you're using now just has access to a tool that gives you extremely rich context about people and companies. 

56:06 - Borys Aptekar
Yeah, here's an interesting. I was talking to one of our SDRs about this and this might be kind of up your alley a little bit. Kind of interesting use case. So he's a BDR now. And so BDR outbound larger accounts. Right. Like more of an opinion. And what they were told is, and I love this tactic of like, hey, don't just Go for the above the line of like director and above directly. Because usually that's what we would do. Smaller company, you target the atls, they have the buying power, you know, talk to them, try to close them. But larger company, like, you need a perspective to enter that conversation. Right. And again, a lot of. Even if you had all the information available publicly. Right. It's not ultimately. And so there's this other facet of like the information gathering that we've done with the account prior potentially. Right. As well as in real time. So what they'll do is they'll have call blitzes and he will get a bunch of BTLs, like managers or like ICs team leads and he'll call them up and he's like, if they pick up, he can do some discovery, he can ask some questions. Hey, what's your company's AI appetite? Oh, we actually have really draconian policies in place. It's really hard to get AI tools in. Right? Yeah. Well, what do you need to do to get those in? Well, you know, this is what maybe they focus on. 

57:36 - Jay Chia
Yeah. 

57:36 - Borys Aptekar
Or like you're like, okay, we're an AI tool. Let me call up their security and try to. Or it and try to get some detail on like what I can do to get in. Or hey, what's your most painful process in marketing? Yeah. Oh, it's this. 

57:51 - Sammy Sidhu
Right. 

57:51 - Borys Aptekar
And so what he was telling me was like it's hard for him because he then has to take that information. He'll call like 20 people. Okay, I have some information now what do I do next? Okay, I want to follow up on that like AI security thing. So I need to go find their security and IT people. So let me go back out to ZoomInfo. Let me go find their security, import them, import them into outreach, get them into a sequence, sequence things to nooks. Now I can do that. Meanwhile, I have to keep all the notes of that on the side because all that information is somewhere in gong. I have my notes. I thought that was an interesting little use case. That is hard to do. It's hard to real time connect. This is possible, but then to be 

58:48 - Jay Chia
opinionated, fragmented context problem. And what you do next, Do I take this context and now go to the cto? Do I do the security person? Like what's the right amount of context I need and also what are the gaps maybe that I need to fill and who does? 

59:04 - Borys Aptekar
Exactly. 

59:04 - Jay Chia
Yeah. Interesting. 

59:06 - Borys Aptekar
And that's one I'll throw to you guys because then it's always about like what do you then do with this information? 

59:14 - Sammy Sidhu
Right. 

59:15 - Borys Aptekar
Because I think we're stuck to some extent on the initial layer of AI maturity. Maybe maybe the second. I don't know of like we're using AI, but we're using AI actually I think in a very, in an old school way. That's why I say like we have AI automations and so we get the information reps consume the information, they make some choices based on it. Right. But it's not really that opinionated or driven other than certain workflows. Right. It makes their lives easier. That's great. We get value out of it. You probably get ROI positive but that's where I really want to see the market go is not just presenting information but presenting opinionated information that I can then drive and be like okay, now we're in more of the cloud code with a developer. With a developer, you're saying this is what I want and it generates the code for you. You can't quite do that in sales. Right. You can't make up information that they. Oh yeah, they bought, they bought ClickUp for it. You know I closed one off these for the CRM, you know. Yeah. But you can make that, that job a little bit easier I think. And I will say that it probably applies more to companies that have more mature sales processes. 

1:00:44 - Jay Chia
Of course. 

1:00:44 - Borys Aptekar
Yes than not. 

1:00:46 - Jay Chia
Right. 

1:00:46 - Borys Aptekar
Because then you have directionality. Right. 

1:00:51 - Jay Chia
Qualification theory should be like rev box. Right. The company has rev ops and actually cares about the data as part of the process. That's where the maturity matters. And if I were to summarize then seems like this problem of the AISDR for you actually just means specific information gathering that's probably not available on the web. You probably have talked to someone maybe does it human does it whatever. But it's like this information gathering process to then make sure that your AE is fully equipped to know exactly how to solve that problem. Exactly. The qualification and all that. 

1:01:22 - Borys Aptekar
That's yeah, that's a fantastic description. Right. Like is you're trying to get that first layer sloughed away. Right. You're trying to get the AE into the best position possible. 

1:01:31 - Jay Chia
Yeah. 

1:01:33 - Borys Aptekar
But again for a lot of us, for a lot of our sellers it's they need to know kind of a use case and whatever. But as we're starting to get into enterprise, like an enterprise unique perspective. I come from a very enterprise selling org so I'm excited because there's so much more sophistication nuance you can get into. Again the three why stuff was really cool. To me, because it was, hey, we can help you connect the dots. But ultimately I'm not handing you a finished document. I'm handing you something that's like, hey, go find out ways to fill these next two or three bullet points. Because I only got one from what you said. Yeah. Now I'm going to guess at the others. Right. Or hey, you actually need to do a little bit better with the metrics here. So it's like active coaching. 

1:02:20 - Jay Chia
Yeah. 

1:02:22 - Borys Aptekar
One of the things that really took our hearts internally was hyperbound. Hyperbound. I think they've wandered in the woods a little bit more now. I don't know. Like, I've seen some of the, their, their CEO posts. I'm like, okay, dude, you're, you're an AI company CEO. 

1:02:37 - Sammy Sidhu
Okay. 

1:02:40 - Borys Aptekar
But it was interesting because it wasn't like, will you give you more information? We'll give you more stuff. Like you, you, you, you'll know everything. An agent will do everything for you. It was actually very much like a, hey, you can get better as a seller using this. Yes. You can ramp faster bonuses then on the rep still. Right. To drive the system. 

1:03:05 - Jay Chia
In other words, you're not looking to replace your reps. You're looking to actually like increase the effectiveness and your organization then overall. 

1:03:12 - Sammy Sidhu
Right? 

1:03:12 - Borys Aptekar
Yeah, yeah, there's, there's some layer. Right. Again for micro. It's a little bit. Here's an interesting snippet of life. AISDR when it was really hot like 2 years ago when we first built this, people were like, oh my God, we're gonna deploy this everywhere. We're not gonna need reps. We're gonna save so much money, blah, blah, blah. Then a rubber meets the road. Like expectations meet reality. It's not as good. It's like, it's pretty, you know, you can tell it still works, still works pretty good. And people are like, oh, this is actually taking leads away from human sellers. Guess who's, who's pretty powerful in a sale in kind of like in a large enterprise. 

1:04:08 - Jay Chia
Probably VP Sales. 

1:04:09 - Borys Aptekar
Call yourself the VP of sales. And they're like, why are you, why are we sending these leads to something that doesn't get credit for them? 

1:04:19 - Jay Chia
Yeah. 

1:04:20 - Borys Aptekar
Or worse yet, marketing gets credited for it or something like that. Now like marketing owns our XCR team. And that is a fascinating like old school company at this point. Old school company mentality where like you are literally taking somebody's livelihood away and they're, they're pretty powerful and so they're going to squeeze you and be like, you can only. You should only deploy this here and these other leads you should send directly to the AES, even if they're not pre qualified. But we need to feed our AES or we need to feed our human SDRs as well. Right. And so we've gone through these kind of push pull cycles where people are like super excited about AI. So like hey, push more stuff to the AI SDR or whatever you're putting in place of it versus like no, no, no, no, no. Actually we need to make numbers and we are accountable to those numbers. Give us the leads so that we can. 

1:05:15 - Jay Chia
That was super interesting. I guess all signs point to basically you want solutions that augment the existing org number one. And then number two actually is that there are these parts of the process that are actually, if you think about it, not super important. The information gathering process, for example, not super important. You might want to outsource that to a service that maybe does robo dialers and just goes out and asks questions of the entire org you're trying to sell to. And that's like not something your BDR team actually wants to do. 

1:05:44 - Sammy Sidhu
Right. 

1:05:45 - Jay Chia
But then at the end of the day like gather me this important context then so that humans can be, can be, you know, ultra empowered. Right, that's cool. 

1:05:53 - Borys Aptekar
Okay. 

1:05:53 - Jay Chia
I do have to run as well. But yeah, we love to keep in touch. This is a very, very interesting conversation. 

1:05:57 - Borys Aptekar
What's your guys company called? 

1:06:00 - Jay Chia
Eventual. Eventual AI. Yeah, it's a very different company looking page because we were, I was going to say. Yes, yes. It's a bit of a pivot for us, so. But we spend all our time processing large amounts of multimodal data, so images, audio, video, documents, all that. And now we're like, okay, where do we use this? Let's just construct a giant knowledge graph. Right. And sell the knowledge graph. 

1:06:27 - Borys Aptekar
I dig that. 

1:06:28 - Jay Chia
Cool. Thanks for your time, Boris. Thank you again. 

1:06:31 - Sammy Sidhu
Bye. Enjoy. 

1:06:33 - Borys Aptekar
Bye. 