Meeting Title: Daft <> Rogo Intro
Date: Dec 16
Meeting participants: Jay Chia, Tumas Rackaitis

Transcript:
 
Them: Sammy as well. Two Fireflies now, and they're both on Granola. But both. Like we done have all fireflies. It's all a huge mess, but yeah.  
Me: Oh, my God. What is that? Is this Skynet now? All the agents coming in.  
Them: But, yeah, I'm actually calling it from Singapore. So, you know, but yeah, I appreciate you taking. Taking the time and I guess. So you're meeting. Take it out. Take it out. It's so bad. I'm going to keep my fireflies out, dude. Well, it's cold. Why? It has a name. Terrible. There we go. Okay? It's. It's such a bad product. But yes, great. Great to meet you. I guess from our context, you know where for the companies of ASA and have been working with her for quite a bit. And yeah, I was super interested in this idea of, like, how do we help AI teams build better with external data. You know, essentially what we're doing is we're. We're building a platform for ingesting data, right, to help you build your AI products. And think of it as. It helps you sync data from different sources like, say, SharePoint, Slack, Notion, and then we can expose that to your AI system as synthesized. Knowledge, right? Or. Or index knowledge via some sort of API. Yeah, I think it's a. It's a pretty interesting space right now. We'd love to just learn more about what you all are doing and see if this might be something you're interested in working together on. But. Yeah, maybe we can do some quick controls on our end first. Sammy, you want to go for it quickly?  
Me: Hey, I'm Sammy, one of the co founders. Let's see. Yeah, it was an AI researcher at Berkeley, mostly focusing on computer vision and supercomputing. Spun out the lab into self driving and did that for a while. Worked a lot on training models, data, infra training infra, and then finally started this. Company with Jay about four years ago to kind of focus on the intersection between the two.  
Them: Yeah. And then I'm Jay, I'm the editor co founder. My background is in biology and then afterwards when the self driving and always been kind of doing like machine learning data kind of stuff. But yeah, great to meet you. Awesome. Cool. I'm. I'm too much. One of the co founders of Rogo. I do a lot of engineering. Architectures. I do a lot of stuff here. The ROGO is a generative AI platform for financial services. We work prior to with the largest investment banks in the world. We have a very tight security ship as well as a very advanced AI team as well. We built a. We're deployed with JP Morgan, Wells Fargo. A ton of large and financial institutions. We're about 80 people now, actually 90 people now. We're growing really, really quickly. And look, you're talking about a problem that's really relevant to me. I don't like. Originally, I was very skeptical. I told Estasia from Felicia that, like, look, we're probably not going to buy your software. There's kind of a few reasons for that one. You guys don't want to deal with financial regulation. There's so much crap you have to do. You're talking about ingesting a bank's internal files and giving it to an LLM. And you better be working in our cloud. You better be deploy. Allowing us to, like, host your code on prem. I don't know. Like, candidly, I would advise you guys not from not making us a customer. Right? You got to want our business. I'm open to seeing what it would be, but, like, that's tough.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: The, the second thing is that like, look like it's. It's also a very important problem because it's a problem we're solving ourselves. Right? We have to build the same solution and deploy it to people and find. So maybe there's something we can learn, work with here. So that's. Super, super important. Super exciting. Yeah, really cool. Yeah, I guess. Like maybe run us through your. Your system today. I'm very curious as to how you think about, like, data for your AI systems. Right. What kind of data do you all think are pulling in as maybe being the primary data sources? Sure. So look like, you know, having to serve people in financial market or, you know, we work with leading hedge funds as well as leading private equity firms like Apollo and others. And so look, we have to consume the entire financial markets news machining every single minute of every single day globally as well. You know, we work in we're, we're live in Japan, in the UK and many other markets. And so what does that mean? Well, what helps is that we hired a bunch of people from DeepMind that have built this at Google Search. And so we use a lot of common search infrastructure as Google, so we're both on top of spanner. We use a lot of, use a lot of the same types of technologies there and so we, I don't know, we have like a ton of pub subs that probably that allow us to build an event driven data system. That's kind of it. And when we think about private files, it's more or less just another thing. We create pub subs too. And we ride to a dedicated database instance for them for that specific customer to not allow like the worst thing would be that like we serve Goldman Sachs's internal research Citibank that would mean that death of our company. Entirely.  
Me: And so I guess you just do physical isolation. Like, hey, everyone gets a separate database. Just keep it all separate.  
Them: There's no physical isolation in the cloud. We do cloud resource level isolation because I have no idea what the Google is doing underneath the hood. You truly don't know and you can't guarantee it.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. Might be the same VMs. I might be the same way. You do the most that we can, right? But yep. Awesome, guys. What's up? So. So look like, I guess, like, a few things. I mean, after hearing that, like, I'm curious to see, like, strategically, like, where are you guys doing? How many customers do you have? Who's using you guys? And. And, like, I don't know, like, we're exploring merge. There is this world where we're happy to use a SaaS solution for high velocity customers or customers that we don't have to like worry day and night about having their data being we still want to be good stewards of them, but like we're looking at merge, we use paragon, I turn paragon of different opinions there you guys in that space, or is there something deeper that you guys do? It's a little bit deeper than that. Here, let me show you what we've been working on really quickly before we maybe hop into more, like, questions, but. So today we're very much so. An infrastructure product. Right? It looks like this. Where, you know you have some sort of data coming in. That's your data, right? S3, you may. You might ping it with HTTP and then you have a data sync that's also your data center. See, it's Spanner, Postgres, Vector, DB something. And what we do is we kind of do. All the processing in the middle, Right. So we run a lot of the inference. We actually have our managed inference instances. We have our, you know, managed compute workers and scale up and scale down. So it's all serverless and we kind of do all that indexing of the data for you. What we're. What we're doing now, though, is we're talking to a lot of folks and they're like, hey, like, this isn't enough. Because what we do actually need is, you know, this data source side of the house. You have things like sack notion, like more, you know, actual systems that. You want to pull data out of CRMs and stuff like that. And then on. On this other side of the house. Like just putting in a vector DB often isn't quite sufficient. You almost need, like, a more, like, synthesized knowledge, Right? Because you're unable to say, resolve, like. Yeah. What if, you know, the financial markets has a delta? Like, how do you resolve that delta with all the information you've ingested before? So we're really kind of expanding from this idea of, like, just being a pure infrastructure provider, which really isn't that interesting. Think of it as, like, intelligent pops up. Right? That's not. That's interesting. It's us actually being able to provide this, like, data sync service, syncing it into, like, a knowledge layer that we can expose an API to, then go, you know, agents. Can kind of listen to. But, yeah, that's kind of where we have this product up now. A couple of, you know, folks are onboarding, but, you know, hearing more. These, like, higher level problems actually, in terms of that. But yeah, Sammy and I go through it.  
Me: Yeah. Yeah, the way. The way I think about it. Is like, like the history of our company has been like, we've been focusing on like large scale data systems. We've had this engine daft that's in production and you know, we have Apple paying us to run that in production. And so we have like companies like Amazon, Apple and like a few other big folks, but it's largely at the abstraction of a data processing system. But lately we've been getting pulled a lot more into being like, okay, I don't want to query this through postgres. I don't want to query this through a vector db. I actually want to be able to ask. Questions about knowledge and have a system of record. Like, if I ask a question of, like, what is going on with, I don't know, let's say, like, what is going on with this financial institution or what is going on with this company being able to, like, not just like, do a vector DB lookup, but actually, like, reconcile different sources of truth. And actually provide a singular view to whatever agent or system that's asking about it.  
Them: Right on. I guess, like, help me understand, like, because here's, like, the. There's a few things here. So the first thing is that, like, what are you, like, trying to solve for. Because we have a ton of parallelism. Like, parallelism is. TAS is solved today by using cloud services. We use, like, Beam. To Google data flow, Google pub sub kubernetes. They allow us to have great parallelism. And using managed inference providers from Gemini or OpenAI, provided, you know, with some, some rate limits or some throttling like we typically are. Okay, so I guess, like, you know, our ability to do throughput allows us to keep up to pace with financial markets. I think we're okay there. I guess, like, what is the minus throughput in parallelism, which seems like it's something that you're really solving here by having this, you know, managed queuing layer, managed inference layer that couples the compute, and as the data moves in transit, you're able to basically have this really nice. It's almost like confluent in a way where you're able to, like, basically do some work as data is in flight to. To push it to a sink, but I guess, like. You know, if. If this parallelism. I don't know if I. We know. We don't. We kind of don't need this. Yeah, no. 100%. Right. And so that's. That's actually the world that we came from. And, you know, we go out to teams and, like, give an infrastructure. Product parallelism, right? But the thing is, now teams like yourself, actually, we're seeing, and this is kind of a parallel across all the folks that we talk to. It's actually the knowledge synthesis, right? The, the, we call them internally, we call them knowledge views. So, yes, you can ingest all the raw data, you want.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: But how do you actually continuously almost like, asynchronously match these views, let's say, of Citibank, right? Like, you can, you can just have these raw data feeds, but what do you actually need as AI, you know, LLMs, to kind of synthesize these views that you can plug in at? Runtime, Right. Maybe about Citibanks, you know, most recent acquisitions. Right. Or Citibanks most recent law of legal violations. And kind of then instead of just raw data, how do we run these? Asynchronous curation of the views provided to your teams, essentially.  
Me: The, the way I think about it is like, like, are you familiar with like roll ups or views in like a traditional analytics database? It's the way I think about it is like as data flows in that might change your kind of sentences of a certain topic. Right. How do we then, like, in an event driven way, update that? And so you always have like this flattened, materialize view of like what the world of what the world is. So when, let's say an agent or a chat bot ask that question, is able to synthesize rather than from, you know, doing like a bunch of, like, you know, better DB queries and then kind of like pushing it all to the client. It's able to kind of have this, like, higher level, like, view of the world of, like, what. What's going on there? And rather than just having to upload that all to the. The. The end salute. And and application.  
Them: Yeah, I guess I'm like trying to think about. This is interesting, like trade off, which is to us like say that you want to have like a more complicated view of the world and you're asking a multi hop question. Right? Which is, I think like what you're trying to do, right? You have some multi hop question. It's some complicated thing. Maybe you have to compute some larger analytics over a lot of unstructured data. And what you're saying is that like ingestion time, you can kind of create this view. That's able to do that. So, for example, like. I don't know. You. I guess legal contracts are a good one. And you just have. You're able to extract ideas like, how many legal contracts have I mentioned? The EU AI act compliance versus the Saudi Arabia AI act compliance or something like that. Right. I've been talking Warriors Live. Horrible. And in either case, right, you have. At index time, you're able to sort of like update those specific counters. Maybe you're able to provide a little bit more evidence over time. And that means that whenever you're asking question over that index, you're able to just retrieve that perfectly curated view, right? I guess for my end it's like okay, well why can't you just. If you just built a multi agent system or like a multi turn reasoning system that's able to compute that on the fly, you save a lot of indexing complexity. Yes. So that's the interesting thing, right? If you. However, if you know that, like, for some reason on this day, a ton of different agents are all querying about the EU AI Act. Then the DDBC thing to do would be to move all that work that you're doing at, you know, kind of application runtime into the indexing step. Right. And so you're kind of doing a pushdown of the work. It's just indexing similar to how we think about databases.  
Me: Yeah. And I think the other part, too, is that, like, the way I see it, too, is like if you have a bunch of different sources of information, like, let's say you have, like a bunch of, let's say you have, I don't know, New York Times, but then you also have the Wall street journal. Right? Do you want to create, like, have the N agents kind of, like, query from every other source and learn how to reconcile it at every single agent or application level? Or is that something where we can actually bring it to a single place and. Do that once and kind of share these concepts and learnings across these different agents, so it kind of like, compounds on itself.  
Them: Sorry, one sec. My Internet is. Minor design. I had to swap phones. But. Yeah, no, I, I don't. I totally see that. Right. Like, there's a lot of good use cases for that, I think especially I like, I could totally see like firms like Parallels or Exa or any company that's trying to do a. Build a, like websites or some large baseline. They're. Just trying to, like, structure a lot of unstructured data sets in flight. They would have to build something like this or just buy it. So I definitely see a lot of potential that I did really like. If you want to build, I guess like the, you know. You know, I can't like Rogo originally was the idea was back in the day, this was pre chatgpt was to do, like, Texas sequel with a lot of anachronistic NLP models, right? Like Bert and other things. It was, like, brutal. How bad it was. But, you know, like, one of the things that we did was. And one of the things we struggled with was the fact that, like, you know, we're selling sort of like this technology. And what changes when we started servicing this financial services again? Like, I used to work at a hedge fund. My co founders worked in banking. And so we were able to have this network and we're really lucky at the time. To like, land and expand where we were, but the what we found was like moving and offering people like a specific out of the box solution was just so valuable. And I'm curious about your guys is like, take us to, like, you know, there was one end to where it's nice to, like, sell this sort of. You know, event driven, smarter indexing system. But like, I can only have to like, really be imaginative about the use cases for it. And I'm curious if you guys would like, think about like, like, guys like you are sitting atop technology that now if you guys. I don't know, because could just like kill any data provider with this. Right? Like any financial data provider, right? A company like CAPIQ or FactSet or. I mean, hell, half of Bloomberg does this, right? What they do is they just pay people in Bangladesh to read financial documents. And put them spread into a structured database. That's it. Right? And that's what they do, and that's how they're able to send an API fee to all of the different hedge funds. And you're able to do that faster, programmatically, save them, cut them on margin. This is no brainer for them, right? So those might be good people to do it, but like hell, why don't you guys. You would sell the infra, but I think the money is actually on the other end of it and just selling the raw data. Yeah, I think that's why we're kind of moving towards. But then, you know, selling it to the AI teams. Right. So. So the example I kind of like the paint is, is this. If you. If you go to Google and you search JIT compiler, Right. The AI overview pops up immediately, right? But then if you search like how is a Jet compiler better or different than a normal compiler? Right now, this thing is, you know, doing its thing and like, like doing a bit of runtime. Right? So how do we almost like, build these knowledge views and then sell that to, to the AI teams who today don't just want to consume data feeds of like, structured data, right? From, from, from the, the markets they actually want, like knowledge, right? How do you build the knowledge over time and built this almost like. I call it a. Like a Wikipedia essentially of information, but yeah. Well, right, but, like, which one? I. I guess, like, here's. Here's. Here's my question, guys, right? And maybe. Look, you might have spoken to a person like, I used to be a very deep short seller, right? And. One of the companies I was very good at shorting was this company called Berkeley Lights. And what they did was they built these awesome machines that would help you discover drugs. And if you had some formula that discover and you wanted to test to see if it worked, and it would work, and you would be able to find drugs, and they'd sell these machines for a million and a half dollars, $2 million a pop. Right. And so you had Pfizer and Moderna buy these. Machines. So they went public and it's like AI for drug discovery. Super trooper, right? But here's the problem is that Pfizer uses. Buys that machine for $2 million and then discovers something. Discovers the next O. And what is that? Berkeley Lights get $2 million, they get nothing. They create a ton of value and they capture none of it. And so my question is to you guys. Like you guys are going to create a ton of value if you make this work, right? You're going to be building grocopedia, you're going to be building all of these different knowledge bases on top of it, but how are you going to capture that value? I would be. I would just say capture it yourselves. Right? Why not?  
Me: That's a good question. I mean. It seems like we're at the end. We were at the Data Employer. We're like, oh, we need to think bigger and capture more value. And we went to the next stage. But I guess what you're saying is, hey, go all the way. Ball to the fucking wall, right?  
Them: Dude, like, do it. And like, look, if you guys under financial data and do a good job, we'll acquire you. Like, that's what we'll do. But like, candidly. But look like there's a lot of other places to go, like healthcare data. There's so many different. All these boomer. Industries that, like, have, like, iqia. There's all. Dude, there's so many of these places that have, like, a ton of unstructured data. You just go and structure it, sell it. Bing, bong, boom. You guys are actually. Your thoughts. I mean, this works for public data, right? Anything that's publicly available. That you can scrape or, like, pull and, you know, construct these data sets and sell. But one thing that we've been coming up against is private data. Like, what if you as a, as a company want access to, like, Goldman Sachs private data? Right. For that, you kind of need a provider rather than, like a aggregator. Well, Jay, where did you. What was your work experience? Biotech like, you know. Where? Oh, Free Gnome. It's a. It's a biotech company, but yeah, right. How many people were there? Like, 80 people. Great. How many? I mean, like, if you use Google Docs. Yeah. Great. How many times did you look at a Google Doc that was made two years ago? I would wager to almost never at all. This is kind of my thing on internal. Like. Like, we've been doing a lot of experience with internal search. Turns out the main filter is recency and who you share it with. By the way, Glean does this as well. They almost don't care about vector search at all. We actually don't use vector search at all. We just use keyword search on internal documents because recency and who you share the file with ends up being all everything. Right. Like, you almost never care about anything older than. Yeah, and so, like, if you think about, like, internal documents, like, that same bias means we're like. You still have that same bias for structuring private documents. Right? There's almost like. Like, in financial services, there's, like, no alpha in a memo. I wrote about Enron in 2003 because Enron's out of business. And that also applies to Coca Cola in 2003, because Coca Cola is a different company than it was in 2003. So, like, there's this huge decay of information asymmetry and relevance and knowledge that occurs in any type of text, but especially in internal knowledge basis because the company itself evolves a lot. And so like, one thing I would I would question is just like, well, what's the value in being that query layer on top of it? Again, maybe there is something. They're totally. Could be. I'm just not. Maybe I'm just not imagining it right now. But my point is that, like, it would be even cooler if you guys were like, we have this amazing. Like. Like. Like, think about, like, Amazon, right? They kind of took this to the other approach. We're gonna build the world's best online store, and one of the hardest things to sell in person is books, so. Naturally, that's the best thing to do online, because you don't. We can have a ton of shelves in a warehouse and not in Barnes and Noble. Right. So you're just able to have a huge amount of selection. Well, it turns out then I could just sell you toilet paper and a whole bunch of other essential goods, and then you're able to expand what's in that warehouse. Right? That's the same idea. Whereas for you guys, it could be like, hey, we have this amazing infrastructure. You could either buy our infrastructure, which, like, by the way, we're going to be building in house and improving dog fooding. Ourselves while we also sell off the shelf data sets. I want. That prove the value of whatever I'm building. Yeah. So I guess you're saying that you're probably more interested in buying the alpha rather than, like, trying to build the alpha with, like, building blocks yourself that we. Dude, if I have to. I. I mean, look, I have the parallelism already. I have the engineering already. I. I put two. Like, I put an. Engineer on a data source and they'll have it up in a week in a way that works in my stack. I don't have to get every vendor on board it to this thing. It's a whole, not the whole nightmare for me. To onboard vendors, this is sort of like the context. Like, look in banking. Like, I have to get every single sub processor approved. And like, banks actually do a about what's in your SOC 2 report, right? So I have to like, put you guys in. They're going to be like, who the hell are you? These guys, I'm like, it's gonna be a whole nightmare. Right. So. So, like, it's hard for me to do it. I'm truly not the best customer. I. I will preface that. But what I will say is that, like, if you have data, I don't even have to walk through that. I'll just buy the data set, put it myself. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, for that. For that you don't need to decode anything, right? Do a bank. If you're, like, using external data sources. It's not a data data processor. Exactly. Because, you know, if I. I just load the data into my own index and now it's like I'm self hosting.  
Me: Y.  
Them: Yeah. What kind of data do you think you would want access to but don't have a great means of creating yourself today? Dude, it's like. Like, I, I, I, I think like, parallels and exo websites are like such good pieces of underlying infrastructure that are not imaginative whatsoever of like, what power you could do. So for example, like, give me every single, like, like literally just like, take Sweet Green or, I don't know, some other business, some other, like, restaurant business. Just be like, how many stores have opened up in the Southwest every single day, right? It's like, stuff like that. Like. Like, literally just like Google Maps over time. That's, like, one thing, right? There's all these different things that could be valuable. I will warn you guys that the immediate. I will give one warning as you if you do choose to explore data, you will be alert to sell to hedge funds. I will say. They are probably the worst customers. As a person that sells to hedge funds. They are annoying. They are high ego. They won't pay you unless it's really good. I would warn you there. So I would sell to other people, but makes sense. And then, yeah, let's say. Let's say we're able to curate, say, you know, industry specific, like sweet green specific data as a data set. How much do you think that's worth? In. In today's kind of like, market and climate. Or I guess if I came to you with that pitch, how much would you pay for it? I would like I like, like I would pay 50k without batting an eye. If it's more than that, I would actually have to, like, think about. I have to talk. Like, I personally would have unilateral buying authority to buy for 50k without batting an eye. I would just send a ramp and it'd be done. If it's more than that. And, you know, it'd have to be a conversation, but the quality, the breadth, all this crap. Gotcha. So 50k is literally like, hey, like, I'll bring the data set in, I'll try it out in my team and see if this is even worth my time. That's kind of the threshold of 50k. Anything beyond that, it's like, okay, that's going to discussion about actually doing evaluation, etc. Etc. Yeah, something like that. Okay. But. And like. Like again. It could be more, it could be less. Again. Here's the other thing with data sets. Data sets follow the same problem as infrastructure. You guys sell me a flat data set for 50k and then I sell it to every investment bank. I just. I. You just got to capture none of the value. Hey, man, it's capitalism. That's. That's why capitalism is, Right? Yeah, well. Well, yeah, but look, like for your sake, you got to be careful, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. 100. But I don't know. I. I like to think of it as a. We make money, you make money. You know, everybody makes money. That's great. For sure.  
Me: Eah. I guess the question I have there is, like, what do you kind of see as the gap from this ideal solution? And, like, I don't know, like, deep research or. Or something like exa.  
Them: I mean, guys, like, how far you guys, like, I. I would say that, like, you guys are an early competitor of Exa or them, right? You have some, like, Assur. Like, they just basically scraped the web. You guys could scrape the web too. It's trivial to do. So just start like, by the way, parallels and. Exa parallel for sure is just SERP based. I know because we email them all the time. Exa. They have their own thing. Don't worry about it. It's. It's not that competitive yet, but it will. It could be later on online. But, like, you could. You could scrape the web, right? It's not that hard. And then what you guys do is you guys just answer questions per document that's relevant, somewhat relevant with some early classifier. So like a T5 classifier put mixer relevant. And then from there you, you. You throw it on a bigger llf. I don't know, like. Well, like. Like, literally, like you guys, like, if it's websites over internal data, That's awesome. But then you got to show me that right. If it's that. That's actually. That could actually be sick. You could sell it to Goldman. I'd invest it. When you say internal data, I think that that, you know, tickles our brain. Now, what kind of internal data are you referring to? Because you just said that. Like Google, like. Nah, like that. That stuff is, you know, not super useful, right? Yeah, I'm trying to, like, be like. Like. Yeah, the. The challenge is that, like, I'm trying to be, like. My big point here is I'm. I have to imagine a lie here. And it's hard for me to imagine a lot. On the. Live on the call, so I might be able to get back to you, but let me think. So, like. I don't know, like. I want to see every single. You know, if I have a whole team of bankers, I want to see every, like. Like, show me the final versions of every single D sent to Icy or something like that. Like, that is a complicated table search query that you guys would be able to return. I don't know, man. Like, it's. It's tough. It's tough. I. I have to, like, imagine here. Like, the whole point is that, like, you guys should sell something. In front of me that I don't have to imagine. By the way, I ran into this problem when we sold text to Sequel. As I'm just like, hey, we have this way. You connect your database, you're able to get all these different insights, and they're like, what insights do I want? And I'm like, I don't know, right?  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: It, like, leads me to this, like, tough part.  
Me: I think a super good feedback. I think. I guess my last, like, probably my last question is just like, what is that query look like to you? Is it like something natural language? Like, oh, what's going on with this? Is it being like, oh, what decks did I send out? Like, what does that query look like to you? That's actually high leverage for you.  
Them: I think retrieval is a solved problem. Especially like multi turn search. So it's probably, like, some complicated critical thinking process at the end of it. So, like, find me every single IC deck I sent that. Had KKR as an advisor in healthcare or something like something I like involved requires a lot more multi turn filtering or something like that. And like that speaks to your guys indexing engine, right? You index a file, you're able to extract and structure all of this data and now you're able to filter across it.  
Me: Yeah. So like multi step, like agentic search based off of like something higher level, right? Like synthesis and like reasoning on top of.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: Data across different sources.  
Them: Yeah. My. My one question is, like, the more I hear it, the more I see that you guys are just gonna. I have a hunch, like, one other way you could sell this text file. You could go to the financial data way. You could go the healthcare way. I could also see if you're doing this on internal. Data. You'll just end up building a CRM. Like, I see different paths for this. I would try to avoid the CRM path as well. No, no. No CRM for us. You guys gotta capture. I just want to make sure you guys capture as much value as you create. It sounds like you'll crazy value somehow. Again. Like, I'm a big believer. Like, dude, like, once we saw, like, unfortunately, we solved this parallelism problem already, so I don't have an immediate need, but a lot. It's very hard for a lot of people, especially anyone that uses, like, Python. They're so, like, a lot of people have python. In their backend. So, like, the. You guys have a ton of opportunity, and you guys just kind of find it. I would try to do a few three things, not leave room for imagination. So come with like something specific. Do. Ideally, if you'd sell me something specific and be like, here's the underlying infrastructure that's going to be bigger than anyone else, right? That's sick. And then finally, I would like. Yeah, maybe this was two things. I'm sorry.  
Me: I think that's. That's really good.  
Them: Cool. Really appreciate your time. I. I have to run. But to my super. Appreciate your time. We'd love to, you know, show you something specific where you do have it at some point, but, yeah. Okay? Because in New York. Stop by, we'll grab coffee or something. Let's do it. Share timeas Bye.  
Me: All right. 