Meeting Title: Nomic: ingesting customer data for AI agents
Date: Jan 23
Meeting participants: Sammy, Andriy Mulyar

Transcript:
 
Me: Useful to give you a quick idea first off, where we are today and then maybe connect it to where we might want to bring it and talk about with it, you guys.  
Them: The context here is we just had this problem that seemed like there should be some inferior solution in the next five years that I can buy off the shelf to solve, and we're not going to build it ourselves. So I reached out to some investors to be like, hey, do you know anyone doing this? And then I got a short list of folks, one of them. So I was like, I'll just send over what I'm thinking. Maybe, maybe other people are seeing patterns and wants to build it. And then we can pay them a lot of money in the future, as opposed to paying hundreds of thousand dollars of engineers to maintain our own ship. So that was kind of the context here. The basic idea is like, I would say, like there is a company that has done the first iteration of this, which is a glean, right? They've built up the whole like end to end layer from like every single fucking downstream industry silo, data source, SaaS, company data. Storage company that has, like, sold into some industry. They've built in bespoke indexing logic for these over the years. You know, they started out just doing, like, text searches into these, into these indexes with a search bar. And then they integrated language models and like, 22, 21. And now they're definitely doing some sort of like, embedding, base indexing and like, making these things work well with like, tool calls for agents. And then they built. They. But they built, they build it. They build its product, right? The end, the end thing they sell is not an API to do all of that logic under the hood. They sell you an enterprise search product that your company buys with a giant amount of value based pricing over top of it with like implementation and stuff.  
Me: Yes.  
Them: So I was just. And like, we. As we were building out, so. So we pivoted about a year ago into, like, a verticalized AI product away from an infrastructure solution. Like, we were like, basically a vector lake product that we were. That we were selling to folks. So we were like, okay, well, we know how to do really good retrieval. We had our own embedding models that we had trained. Maybe you've heard of our embedding models in the past. We're unable to make money, so we pivoted into this, into a vertical, basically vertical AI for built world sectors. So we serve like architecture, engineering, construction operators. And we've built like custom parsing models for drawing data. So this is basically like highly multimodal 400 page PDF documents. We build custom VLMs that we've post trained to do really good, a really good job at solving tasks over this type of data. Much better than foundation models for anthropic. Nope, AI can do. And also much better than, in some cases, much better than the actual architects and engineers who are doing the task currently. As humans, what we realize is like, ok, this is great, like, let's deliver the product to people. We have to build all these, like downstream domain specific integrations to like, a giant, like, rat's nest of, like, shitty software vendors that have existed over the past two, three decades. File systems like Ignite, SharePoint. These are kind of the nicer ones, but then there's, like, Procore, Autodesk, Construction Cloud. And a bunch of all the holes. And so, like, we're going around, like, building integration, we build another one. It's like the same fucking thing every time. Like, figure out the API, figure out the sync, figure out the indexing layer, and then we have this, like, code base and like, these four or five integrations. That I'm looking at this, I'm like, all right, there's some clear abstractions here. Like, we're building these instructions ourselves. We already use a product called Work OS internally, which solves this basic problem, but for auth right, make it super easy for users to. To connect their. Their bespoke. Auth systems, whether it's Okta, Whether it's Azure, whether it's some shitty thing that they were sold in 2005 and they've been, you know, working with, with, you know, the tech stacks, modern companies. And I was like, there must be some infrastructural layer provider that could do this exact same thing, but for a giant long tail of integrations. And then maybe they charge. Like, you know, one of our customers goes in, they want to hook up Autodesk Construction Cloud, and they give us a great index tool. Call into against Autodesk Construction Cloud. Like, we can pay them 100 bucks a month for just that customer having of having access, you know, and then we have, you know, 100 customers that do that. And suddenly we're paying you guys, you know, like six figures a year just for that one integration. Right? But that saves us a bunch of time from building it, maintaining it. Making sure it's up to date, so it's actually worth it.  
Me: Yep.  
Them: And, yeah, that's the basic problem. So, yeah, that's where we are right now. We have three people in Ukraine smacking out these integrations because the product doesn't exist. Someone will have to maintain those as those APIs change. We'll have production outages in the future, I'm sure of it. So, anyways, that's where we are. That's the problem. Space. And yeah, I'm just fishing around to see if there's any early stage post YC companies that are thinking of making a pivot and if you're thinking this direction,  
Me: Yeah. No, no. It's very compatible with kind of how we're thinking about it. So for context, what we've built over the last four years is actually an open source data engine that optimized for unstructured data. Just in the last year we started building out dafcloud, which is the cloud version of this and thinking hard about what applications exist out there. One of the main ones actually was indexing into a Vector db. And so we started off from this, we take data from S3, basically, and then we put it into Vector DB for you, and it's all serverless. And it happens under the hood. And you don't really think about scaling or slow downs and rate limits and none of that, right? We just take data, put it in as fast as possible. And you get access to customized transformations, essentially. I think what we ended up finding out is that, okay, folks kind of wanted more value, either upstream or downstream, right? So folks like yourself, Nomic, you all are trying to go upstream into the actual integrations with the data sources themselves. And doing that in a secure way that doesn't violate privacy is really, really important.  
Them: Yeah. Thing that makes this. Connecting to the API is easy. Some of these, some of these products, like, what's annoying is some of these older softwares, they have the developer, they have developer APIs, but the problem is, like, you have to get into their partner network and all this shit. Like, it would be amazing if there was like some trusted third party intermediary that even like expedited that. Right? It's like. And then. And then, yeah. The ultimate thing is like you want, especially if you're onboarding, if you're on running a business that has like an IT department, they're enterprise. They really care about preserving access controls and. Permissions across and row level across. Across files, across objects and data. Not, not, not user level.  
Me: Yeah. Makes a lot of sense. I'm curious to hear a couple of things. One is how much volume of data do you usually expect from these data sources? In the order of number of documents. I think terabytes. And are you searching across all the terabytes of that data?  
Them: We are knowing that it exists, at least currently, we're indexing a subset of it and progressively indexing more as it's needed for users based on like the value path in the actual end solution that they need. You can kind of think of it as, like, so, like, this is particularly acute in the industries that we're building for right now. So, like. A 20 person engineering company. Like, like kind of like legal employees, like input employees, like structural engineers, mechanical engineers. A 20 person company will literally have 50 terabytes of data. Sitting on like SharePoint or local file drive or something like this. And like, it is number one infeasible to index all of that data. It is also not valuable. And also they won't work with you if you try to do that. Because guess what? Like, even if you build them at the cost of storing it and at the cost of indexing it. They'll just be like, this is not oriented with the value that I get from, like, being able to run a chat over top of it or, like, run an agent session over top of it. So we've realized, like, we have to do, like, this, like, smart. Progressive indexing where like, as our, as our agent needs, needs a piece of data indexed, we can have like layers of like, here's a fast index all the way up to like. We are running this through like a parsing model where like neural nets are doing inference to get like better representation of the documents that's like another thing we've learned here.  
Me: Yeah, no, that's super interesting because, like, I know the way that it was presented in the spec, it seemed as if it was a simple job that was like, walk the Andriy tree, grab all the data, put it in a vector db but you're saying that it's a lot more kind of.  
Them: If you do that. Like, great. That is one way of solving the problem. But then you have to account for the fact that, like, there is data movement costs, there's data storage costs, there's degradations and actual performance the larger indexes get. And you have to do clever things with like, sharding and all this stuff and like all of those problems add cost to the end customer, which makes the whole doing that completely unfeeling. Like, like the value we're saving. Like, for instance, for our customers, to be really clear, like an engineering firm, an architecture firm, they sell their time. They go and they have a project. They're trying to build a quarter quarter billion dollar asset. They sell 10,000 hours. They allocate those hours at $400 an hour of billable rates and they can margin over top of those billable hours. That margin is what the AI is helping them reallocate. To new work. That's how we, that's how, that's how they make money. By buying our like a domain specific agents over top of what they do. That's our pitch to them. And if the cost of indexing all their fucking data is like more than the potential margin they could possibly make like they don't give a about the AI because, like, it's not saving them. It's not allowing them to take on more work or the. The contrapositive of that is allowing them to fire employees and keep the same amount of work.  
Me: Yeah, that makes a ton of sense. So I guess, like, I'm hearing one acute pain point, which is, you know, integrating with the data sources is really, really painful. But the other pain point that I'm hearing here, and let me try to get that right. Right. Is that actually it's not as simple as like indexing everything and presenting a unified vector store interface. There is maybe something to be built. As a system that can allow your agents to then access this stuff in a more viable manner.  
Them: Yeah, yeah. It's like if I can imagine, like, if I could ideate the, the, the, the, the ideal, like, infra layer API surface to like, this solution. It's like there, there's, there's, there's a, there's a, there's a gallery of integrations this product supports. I pick Autodesk Construction Cloud. Right? Our app is now integrated. And then, like, when a customer onboards into our product, they can say, oh, you guys support the Autodesk Construction Cloud integration? They hit go. We are now getting charged, I don't know, 100 bucks, something like that, a month to you guys. For, like, all the, all the work that you guys did to make the integration exist there. And then there's mechanisms to, and then there's an indexing that you guys are running. There's maybe mechanisms for us to eat or to pass through to the customer the storage costs of the indexing. Any, any any cost of the actual evolution. We're hitting the tool calls against the index. Those are usage based components completely separated from like does the integration exist or not? Right. And there's the realities that you have to account for in this model. And then it's the question of, like, what gets indexed, right? Then it's a question of. And the question of what gets indexed is highly related to how much value is the actual use case that you're using this for. So, like, there might be use cases where there's insane amount of value in indexing all the terabytes of data in that case, like, they should be able to do that and either willing to cost or they'll eat the cost. But like, it makes sense to eat that cost because the value is much higher. But there might be use cases where that doesn't make sense, which means, like, ultimately this solution needs to account for both, right?  
Me: Yeah. Makes a ton of sense. Do you have a sense of what that value looks like to you today, like, in terms of connectors? Right. Because like you said, like, we could just index everything and that would be huge amount of cost. But how valuable is this indexing? And maybe one easy way to frame it could be just in terms of the total amount of inference spend, let's say you spend $1,000 of inference on, you know, this overall contract with a customer per month. How much of that do you think would be you could attribute to like the work to index?  
Them: It's going to like. So the answer for, like, the domain that we're going in and transforming right now with, with agents, is it going to be very different from, like, any other domain? Right. Like, ultimately, like. Like, like, like. This product is an infra layer product that sells. It's a horizontal AI infrastructure product, right? And for us, like, the way. The way we literally calculate, like, ROI for our customers is they built. They build a human at 200 bucks an hour. They make a 30% margin over top of that, that 30% margin. Is the how the business makes money. That 30% margin when it. When that. When that human is using an AI agent to do work. They reclaim some of that 30% margin to be able to use to get do more work so that you can do either, can do more work to make more money. So we we build their ROI as like this is how much new work you can take on and how much more money you can get if you're using our product. Right. And so the infra costs associated with any single integration should probably be a small proportion of that. Right. For the use case to make sense. And it does for us because like, you know, we've had this domain, we didn't take this vertical by by chance, but like there might be in some domains where it's like, you know, elders of magnitude, higher of roi. Like they can legal, right? Like our professional services, our the customers who are professionals in the industry that we serve. They built 400 an hour. Legal team might build 1500, $2000 an hour, right? And like, then like, they don't. Give a, you know, they'll. They'll pay you half a million dollars index all their. If they're getting, you know, $50 million in value a year. On our end, the multiples are a little smaller, right? It's like 10x as opposed to like 50 to 100x.  
Me: A ton of sense. Yeah. Also, Sammy just joined, but you want to give a quick intro maybe? Yeah. Yeah. The other co founder spent my life building AI systems. So large scale training, data pipelines, data centers, kind of just like everything between and. Yeah. Now working on kind of like what is that next layer of providing data for the agents look like. Yeah, well, everything you're saying now resonates super hard. I think we can jump into the spec in a bit to clarify. Some stuff on the spec. Like I said, right, we were thinking of moving upstream, so connecting to the data sources directly, but then also, like, thinking very hard about moving downstream. Because we found that, like, people didn't really know what to do. It's just a bunch of vectors in a vector store. Like RAG is kind of like very 2023. Just give it all the raw data. And we wanted to better kind of abstraction on top of it. We started calling it the knowledge layer. But I don't know, we haven't really named it yet. And the other side of it too is that like authors just providing just native search or back to search to an agent directly. We found out it's not the best quality. Because they're not very effective at using these indices quite yet. And so.  
Them: Yeah, 100% like. Like, like our solution. It's like we actually embed very few things. It's, it's more of an exercise of, like, making sure that we can recrawl the API surface, we can resync the large amounts of data, we're tracking which data has updated so we appropriately resync. It. And then sometimes some subsets of the data we might embed. But, like, we use inverted text indices for most of our Asian operations. Like, we literally make the agent right grep. And then we. And then we, like, remapped that to, like, a Lance DB call, like,  
Me: That makes a ton of sense. Okay. Yeah. Any other questions? Maybe before we look at this back in, like, more about that? Yeah, I guess. Like, one thing I wanted to. I wanted to dig into a little bit more. It's like, one of the things you mentioned was it may not make sense to kind of just index everything up front. Right. Like, just kind of, like, get every. All the possible knowledge. Like, every, I don't know, intermediate version of, like, Autodesk. Right. And then have it all indexed so the Asian search over it. But I'm curious to know how you think the agent should be able to, like, recall certain things. Like, for example, like, how does the. Agent know what to look for. But if it doesn't. Even if it doesn't, it may not know it exists.  
Them: I mean, that's kind of the role of the end user who is designing the system, Right? Like, you put that in the system prompt, did you? Exploratory things, right?  
Me: Yeah. So usually.  
Them: But the agents know the surface it can tool call into, right? And there's some level of like, expensiveness of operations that should know of, right? Like just doing a scan is cheap as shit, right? Doing a scan where you have to download files or sync files is a little bit more expensive. Doing a scanner, you have to download large amounts of files that all have to be indexed in a very expensive way. Like hitting a parsing model from like, I don't know, a reductor or something like this, or like running some ML inference on every single file or object. Like that's, that's even more expensive, right? When we configure like how our agent does, like reasoning traces and tool calls, they would literally have, like, a hierarchy of, like, operation expenses. The agent knows about that. It, like, navigates before when it's going in and trying to, like, explore any of these integrations.  
Me: So. Yeah, that makes sense. So I guess, like, what? I guess what you're saying is potentially, like, the agent can do, like, a glob, like Operation Burst. See the structure and be like, oh, hey, here's, like, the final version, that one.  
Them: It's hitting that against, like, you know, your API, which is a proxy into the actual integration.  
Me: Yeah, yeah, but that makes sense because, like, I think we here mixed thought. Some folks just want to, like, put an Aquarian, get back the results. But this one, this way seems like just like a couple of tool calls back and forth to kind of get to where you need to go.  
Them: Yeah, it's. There's, like, something, you know, to boil the ocean here. Like, there's something really simple here that can be built. Like, the. The important part is, like, what is the end value that this, that this solution produces to people? The end value is not like you have an opinionated way to index. The vectors. The N value is not like you have an opinionated way to do two goals. The end value is I have. I have an agent. I have this, like, random integration that I can't talk to. I want to allow that agent to do useful business work against this integration, and I want to be able to do it in the next hour. From getting the idea because I can log into your platform, hit the connection. There's like some config variable I set up, and I know it's secure, I know it's tested. It might be limited in some capabilities, but, like, it can start tool calling for reads and maybe some writes.  
Me: Yeah, yeah, Makes sense. It's almost as if, like, in your agent, you can hit, like, slash, install, daft or eventual, and, like, everything is just ready to go. And your agent now has access to all the tool calls or skills, everything that's necessary. And able to navigate the data. Okay. Yeah, that helps a ton.  
Them: Yeah. That's kind of a vague spec, but, like, my exact. Like, my exact process was like, I really like. I really like the pricing model and the sort of operational model of, like, work os, if you're familiar with that product. Like, I was like, there must be a work os, but for, like, endless amounts of integrations. That hold in, like, valuable data that agents should be able to touch.  
Me: We started thinking about our products as actually something like plaid, like the backbone of, like, data. Right. And kind of integrating to. With all this, like, data flowing between companies. But, yeah, I think, like you said, the. The trickiest part for us right now is the interface seems to be in flux. Because everyone is building more agentic products. And that interface for agentic products is kind of, like, still undetermined by a lot of folks. And so we were talking to a lot of agent builder teams, I guess. That's the way to put it. And I think the second level of it is like, for example, Like, let's say your agents are actually going wild on, you know this, on the data. How do you then make sure the data between these agents can pass successfully to one another? Like, when you start collaborating. And so that's kind of like the next layer we're also thinking about.  
Them: Yeah. I mean, it's going to be thinking about all these things. Actually, step back for a second. You guys have been running the company for four years. Why aren't you guys making $100 million in revenue a year?  
Me: Great question. We're open source for the first three years. The big bet outside of, like, everything we just talked about, the big bet for us was that you were going to kill Apache Spark. That was the idea.  
Them: Great. We were, too.  
Me: We would come in. Spark is, you know, whatever, like yesterday's technology, it was for big data analytics, right? We're going to come in and do data processing for AI systems. And really, if you think about it, the biggest use case for that is pre training data curation. And I think for us, the hypothesis that doesn't pan out was that we weren't able to penetrate the big AI labs because a lot of folks doing big.  
Them: Like, the company that figured this out was Lance, right? Like, they got the. They got the Netflix deal for the multimodal stuff and, like.  
Me: No deal. We're the same. Yay. Batch and working on together. But no one's paying them either. They had the same problem as us, right? Yeah.  
Them: Yeah. That's. That's kind of a vibe, but that's the vibe I got. They keep pushing me to do a case study with them, and it's like, dog, like, we, like, use your open source thing and, like, go pay you money.  
Me: Yeah. Netflix and Runway, and everyone's just using. Yeah, no one's paying. Right. Because here's an interesting bit. Lance doesn't do compute, right? They just say, you spark, you know, use radio, whatever, and so they're not.  
Them: They built a compute product. I tried it out last October. It was like the ui, like the setup UI didn't work. The API couldn't been to the API key. I was like, it's a little better now. I have a friend building a company over top of it. But like they're they. I think with one agent prompt, they migrated to using an S3 bucket as the backstory. Like.  
Me: Yeah. I mean, the thing like, they're navigating more in Arjun, the way we see it is, like, right now, that space is very crowded. So now you have, like, Ray and any scale competing for one side of it. Right? Then you had us in that space too. And then now you have Lance trying to, like, follow. In. But the thing that we realized in the last six months is that we're all going to be fighting for something that isn't a very big pie. Right. So even if we win the war, the payoff's not that great. Yeah. So basically.  
Them: Yeah. This is why we went up the application layer as well last year. Like same deal at Nomic. Like we got a bunch of users that are open source product. It was like, it was like a local, it was like an ollama company. It was like before alarm called GPT. For all we got, we got to like, like quarter million monthly active users of like an app doing like local language models. We raised a crap ton of money and then we were stuck at like half a million ARR for three years because like, nobody wanted to buy the infra shit and we were selling AI was eating the world and like everyone was just. Doing it. My raw dog in the OpenAI calls for the first two years.  
Me: And I think the one realization that we had over the last few months is just like, hey, This is like a. There's a bin of huge paradigm shift and, like, how things are going to be done in the future of work looks very different. And I don't think we want to be left behind competing for, like, the legacy workloads. Yeah, so you mentioned you want to work with YC companies. That are pivoting, right? That's literally us. Because I think early January 2026, we went our trip to Japan and we were like, hey. Agents are going to be a big thing. There's going to be a ton of agent builders, and they are going to need good APIs to hit data Knowledge, right? And rag, we think, is just, like, not enough. Like, there needs to be a platform that sits in the middle. It's not just getting raw data that's literally terabytes of it. You're not going to stuff all that in context window. There's going to be a layer in between, and we want that to be us, to, like, connect to. All the data sources, do the curation index on the fly, serve you serve the data that's actually required and maybe even a synthesized way. Right? Maybe we can do pre curation. And a lot of that work in the short version of it is that like, we realize that that interface between like your raw data and like your actual end agents in between is actually like a knowledge agent, basically figuring out what's the best way to organize, how to set up the tool calls, and actually what's the best way to retrieve for these downstream consumers.  
Them: Yeah, yeah. But I think, I think the right model for this product is like not with all the other companies doing. There's a companies like Raggy and all of these, they're trying to sell directly to the end developer. I think the right model here is the work OS model where you're selling you're selling to the end business that is itself trying to then like B2B2B so like you sell to the infra team that is then managing all the integrations on behalf of their downstream domain specific customers who they're selling a value based agent too. And. Yeah, so that's my. My thought. My thought on it.  
Me: That makes sense. The big hop on Jay. I'm curious to hear. So I know you're talking to a bunch of companies that are trying to do this and like, trying to see which one stakes.  
Them: 's literally very passive. Like, all the folks I talked to, I got in the first call, I send something over. Most of them just, like, didn't even. Like, they were super excited, and they didn't follow up after I sent over a spec, so.  
Me: We're in this. Our Andriy team is on pause for, like, three weeks now, doing a big, like, agent sprint. Like, we're going in, right? I'm curious to hear on your end. Like, would you be open to, like, you know, either loi. Like, design partnership, like, you know, something more formal to help us also, I guess the contact is that we want to give the confidence, right? Yeah.  
Them: It would have to be pretty aligned with exactly how we view the future of, like, us setting up our for these stores. Like, we. We literally have, like, 10, 15 places we want to integrate with.  
Me: Yes.  
Them: And I have two people right now, and I thought we were going to be able to do two a month. And we have spent a month and a half doing one. And it's not even complete yet because, like, Long Tail. Definitely, like, a pain point. Like, I literally just had, like, a, like, a very frank discussion with the guy managing the Ukrainians that are building out the integrations being, like, lights of fire asses. So it's a pain point. Let me talk to my team also. Just, like, the other thing here is, like, we just. Group pipeline by 3. 4 million bucks.  
Me: Y.  
Them: 4 million bucks in the last 30 days and onboarded 10 new customers last week. And we were onboarding zero customers two months ago, so things are, like, on fire all over the place.  
Me: Eah.  
Them: I'm going to try to. I'm going to talk to my team to figure out. What this might. What, What, What. What? Exactly. Actually, to talk to them like what? What is a design partnership mean to you?  
Me: Yeah, 100%. So why don't you let us know and if you. What does that mean to. Okay, so that we. We will come to you then with a little thing. And then if you are open to it, we love to fly down and, you know, maybe do a little bit of whiteboard session.  
Them: What is the design partnership?  
Me: And then kind of iron out. I think there's a lot of details here with regard to, like, exactly what falls in the domain of knowing exactly what falls in the domain of, like, a platform behind it. Right. That I think we probably need a whiteboard session or something to really.  
Them: What's the percent? It's like there are certain things that I think the business nomic being an instance of that, like, wants to own, and there are certain things they don't want to. Own right. Like. Like what? One key thing here is, like, who owns the actual, like, blob store that the data that the index data set. Right? Like that, like, on my end. Some of our customers want to own that Blob store, and then some of them don't, and they want us to manage it, right? I don't think I ever want you guys to own that lock store.  
Me: Oh, yeah, we don't want to own that. I mean, the way I see it, it's like, it would most likely be, like, whatever we set up would be an S3 bucket. And who owns that S3 bucket? It doesn't matter.  
Them: Right. You won't believe the other founders I talked to last time. Like, oh, it's a non starter if we don't know the data, blah blah. I was like, you guys don't know the knowledge you're building. That's exactly how I don't want to set up. Okay, cool. Send me over. Send me a blurb. I'm gonna. So my guy Bob, who's managing the team, building all this out, he's extremely stressed right now because a bunch of shit's falling on him. I will throw this. On this plate because I do think this is a worthwhile thing to do. Also, like a founder who's been kicking the shit around for the last couple years. Like, stuff's finally started working the last six months. I'm very happy to I know what it means to be a design partner and be on both sides of these things. So happy to have you.  
Me: Amazing. Appreciate it. Thanks for your time. Appreciate it. Talk soon. Bye. 