Meeting Title: Bob (Nomic) + Eventual
Date: Feb 19
Meeting participants: Bob, Jay Chia

Transcript:
 
Them: Yeah. Please do. Yeah. Definitely wanna get it recorded I think others on my team will wanna see it too. Okay. Perfect. K. Hey, Sammy.  
Me: Hey. How's it going?  
Them: Good. Cool. Yeah. I think Sammy sorry. I was I was at the gym, I couldn't send across the talk. But Oh, all good. All good. I had a time I had time to go through it again, and I I looked at it with our our CTO actually too. We were were taking a look at it. Okay. Perfect. And I think, yeah, we'd love to use this session to learn a little bit more about the intricacies of, like, what you've been doing and you know, I think Sammy and I would love to understand, like, what are the complexities here? Where where are the real pieces of value at for you? Yeah. Then, yeah, probably do a little bit of codesign and get a sense of, like, whether this is something we can work together But yeah. I think that's all for today. Yeah. That makes sense. And I'd I'd put down some questions that I can ask at some point too around some of the things in the PRD. But yeah. So so Nomic so I think Andre probably gave you the high level of what we're doing in lot of areas. Mhmm. So at the technical level, our biggest challenges right now are around, like, people have lots of very large files. This is probably not a a surprise to you guys, but people have large sets of very large files. And we want to be able to give people a good agent experience and then a good workflow experience where it's sort of, like, in the background over these sets. So I'll I'll give you an example. So one customer that has a SharePoint drive attached right now. And so we built a SharePoint integration. It works through sort of their synchronization engine sort of keeps things up to sync over time. It has 500,000 files in it. Like, it is it's it's a lot. And so we have to figure out, like, what is the right level of triage to deal with within these. Like, is it something that they are doing semantic search over everything? Is it something where they are aware of the existence of all these and we have the right permission models attached to them but only a subset will be put through our parsing engine and and and be chunked up in a way that our agent then uses it later. That's sort of the equilibrium we're at right now, but, like, that's one of, like, the general challenges we deal with when it comes to the file integration. So, like, that one, Ignite is another big one that we're working with right now. And things like that. And then and then there's more industry specific ones. There's, like, ACC. Procore, Bentley. Like like, there's there's a long tail of one that are very in the AEC industry like that, and that come in with a a mixture of project data and file data in terms of what is relevant for us. And so, like, so so, like, that's one dimension of of the problem space. It's just like when it comes to a single integration, we have to deal with a very large set of information and figure out how to triage what happens with what so that it doesn't, like, destroy our our our parsing budgets or and destroy our customers' parsing budgets too. When they are when they're processed. And and I can talk a lot more about all of that. The other aspect is just, like, and this is, I think, the part of the pitch the user giving here is, like, people have their data spread across a lot of places. And it's sometimes in the form of these big file systems, and sometimes it's the form of emails, and sometimes it's Teams and and things like that. And so and and it is just there is a lot of non automatable cost in terms of the work that is needed to put integrations together. It's like you can try to build some abstractions around integrations, and then a new service comes in, and it breaks all your abstractions because they just they do things differently. And so, like, we've seen this before with different integrations. We've built where it's like, the next integration comes in, and you thought you had a good model for how to deal with a certain thing that comes out of it, and you don't because they're weird, and they do a thing differently. And and have to deal with it in a different way, and the permission system is different. And that is definitely like, like, we've seen that happen. Happen. With each integration that we build, there's something that sort of breaks a model that we'd hope to be able to establish and adds in the complexity there. And then there's the question of just, like, permissions and the importance of permissions and how like, for these places, like, that is of utmost importance. Like, these kind of firms are often somewhat siloed in what they do and how they work. And and just because everyone's in the same company doesn't mean everyone should be able to see the same documents or have access to everything. So it it it's one of our most important guarantees that we give to people is, if you integrate your SharePoint or your Ignite, your ACC, like, only people that are able to access it in those platforms will be able to access it here. This isn't gonna become some, like, security risk where all of sudden, like, people are seeing it through through a through a through a third channel like this. That's a lot of that's sort of around, like, the technical challenges. Like, in terms of, like, the ML layer that comes after it, like, we do a lot of parsing with the data that comes through. We have sort of a parse model. As well as, various, like, sub models, OCR, vision models, things like that that operate on them to really try to get high quality context available for the model about our about the big drawing sets, about architectural diagrams. Like, that's really, like, like, the gnomic like like like, that's that's, like, the the the ML value add, basically, is around, like, how we really make these things accessible to the models in a in a good and not insanely cost heavy way like that. Gotcha. So that's a lot about sort of where like, where we see the challenges right now. Happy for you guys to if you wanna a bit about stuff, and we can answer some questions as well. Yeah.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: I think we have a couple of questions. Sammy, you wanna go for it first? I have a couple too that I wanted to  
Me: And yeah. Yeah. I think the first one I just kinda, like, recap about it. I kind of hear three class of problems. One is just the cost of parsing a large amount of files the customer account and  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: having to make that more efficient. The second one is essentially the fixed labor cost of building  
Them: Yep.  
Me: each individual integration. And third one is essentially the this, like, heterogeneous permissioning model from these different sources and then kind of giving a unified view for your product.  
Them: Yeah. I would say that's I would yeah. I think those three are correct.  
Me: Okay. And in terms of, like, what is the, like, I guess, the most pain in the ass to the least pain in the ass for you?  
Them: Yeah. It's a good question. I think there's, like, what in the history of the company has been the most pain the ass, and then what is, like, the most already sunk pain, like, that we've already we're like, some cost of the pain. Like, we've already had our ass kicked by enough that we're like, okay now.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Like, my sense is like, right now, it is the second one. It is the just like the labor intensiveness of going down the long tail Like, we have we have an engineer on the team who is spending all of his time essentially on integrations. And I manage and so I'm, like, working with him to, like, figure out what we are focusing on and triaging certain things and figuring out, like, okay. Well, can we get this to this stage just so it works and then focus back on this one? And it's like, it's a mess. And, like, I built he wasn't on the team yet. I built the SharePoint one. For months, essentially. Like, it it took a lot of time. Went through multiple different versions of it. We got to the point that, like, it is working successfully for these document sets. And gotten a lot of dividends from that because it's really helped get customers into like like, it's been it's been a big deal maker in a lot of ways. And my sense is, like, the core competencies we've built up and how to deal with that first problem, the, like, you have a shit ton of data from these places, and you need to figure out how to deal with it. Has been decently scalable. Not perfect. But I I think when when we when we see an integration come in, it's like, there is a big file system attached to this integration, it's more like the concern is the cost around how it will take to, like, get all the integration stuff set up. But once we do, we have, I think, pretty good abstractions right now for, like, to deal with all those files, like how to store them, how to get the metadata, how to deal with the permissions for them. So I think, like, when I look at ways that that third party services can help me, I'm primarily thinking about the second one, the long tail of the integrations, the things that, like, are are on the priority list but not at the very top right now and and are also ones where like, our core competencies are less focused on how to deal with them. Compared to the first one, which I think is both challenging but also very close to our core competencies. Like, that's what we're sort of designing this product to do is deal with really, really big file sets like that. Right. And I guess that's the Nomex secret sauce. Right? Your Yeah. It's sort of it's what is gonna basically make someone wanna use us and not just Claude or Chia. Like like, the reason to go to Gnomic is, like, you put three big PDFs into Claude, it it barfs. You put three big PDFs into Nomic, it's gonna work. Like, that's sort of the argument for it. And that's why I think it's like, why we wanna keep a lot of those competencies, like, in in the core of what we're doing.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Makes sense.  
Me: That makes sense. And so if I could rephrase that, like, number one, number  
Them: Yeah. Yeah.  
Me: three, are kinda like they have to be good enough. And then two is kinda like the big blocker for you today.  
Them: Yeah. Two is the blocker because it's just, like it is just a constant pain and time suck to be, like, okay. What is the next thing? And also because then there's the tension too of, like, there are certain integrations that are, like, very industry specific, and we're gonna want very bespoke connections to them. Like, ACC, for instance. We are we're setting up a whole project abstraction where people will be to collaborate on things, and ACC is gonna be intimately tied with that. Because this is like if someone's building a new building, there is an ACC project that represents that building. And you have people collaborating in there, uploading documents to it, putting in, like, RFIs for when something goes wrong or they need their purchase something. And so that's another thing that's, like, very in our core competencies, and we're thinking a lot about, like, How does that integrate deeply with all the part parts of our system? But then there's other integrations that are, like, Microsoft Teams. Or Outlook. Or Gmail or just sort of, like, the the the tail of that software curve that is less ACC focused, but people are, like, all the time. Like, hey. Can you integrate with us? And we're like, one day. Yes. In theory. And I think that's that's the tale where I'm most curious, honestly, is less like, like having a company like you guys specialize in ACC software and more just like those other areas that think are valuable to people, but we just it's hard for us to say that's our top priority integration right now.  
Me: Yeah. That makes sense. And in in terms of, like, data access, right, naturally, the form factor of, like, things like Teams and Gmail and, like, let's say, a document in some kind of, like, plug drive storage. Is very different. Do you kind of imagine the interface to be more like brokered access to the raw files or more something like search?  
Them: I think it depends on the integration This is this is sort of, like, where where, like, where that distinction comes in is, like, when it comes to files, if we were to do something outside of, like, we would need some kind of brokered access because, like, we need to be able to, like, do the parsing layers to figure out, like, how to how to how to piece them into the system in a very specific set of ways. And, like, we wouldn't wanna just have, like, a search endpoint that goes out because at that point, like, there that it gets to some degree what because often, like, with a big PDF, like, the the value is in what we've done to make it searchable in the first place like that. But on the other hand, the sort of more both simpler in structure, like email and messages and stuff like that. But, like, in in some ways, like, more general ones are ones that I do think it would be nice to be able to just have a more search based endpoint for. Like, I don't need to categorize and sort through and and build parsing models for all of people's emails the way I do for their files. I just wanna be able to say, like, they're like, hey. Have we worked on this like, something was discussed for this building on page three and the, like, the laboratory accessibility issue. And it's like, let me do some complex parsing of that and, like, look at the image stuff and and do all that figure out what's in the laboratory. And then let me tell you, like, you had an email three days ago from the guy on the job site saying, like, hey. We have a problem with this. It's like for that latter thing, I think the the the ability to just search and and get relevant results will be like, enough in a way that for the files, I don't know if it would be.  
Me: Yeah. That makes sense. And so it's just almost like there's no need to go from first principles when it comes to email. Right? Like, you have threads, you can search over that. Open the email, maybe look at the attachment. That's good enough.  
Them: Yep.  
Me: Then I got well, how do you imagine, like, your your agent going from, like, let's say, having a problem to solve to then actually retrieve like, knowing what document to actually  
Them: Yeah. So, I mean, a lot of what we're doing is is, like, people are providing a certain level of context already. And this is something that we sort of realized over time too is, like, some people wanna be like, attach my whole SharePoint and then search over all of it. But more often, it's like, very intensive problems focused on a couple key documents. And that's just like and that's why the flow is more so, like, it is important that they get it in there. They get it like, processed in the right ways, and then they can do these, like, really intensive multi agent flows on them. And so I'm kinda so like, when it comes to the agent solving problems, I think it's often the case that, like, we are populating the context with like, like, a file system like experience of of like a virtual file system for the most part of, like, what do you have access to, what's available, what can you edit? What can you read? What can you search over? And then and also the instructions of of the task, whether it's provided by us or or sort of within a subsystem. And so I think, like, when it comes to how it sort of figures out the problem space, often it's working directly with those documents. But when it comes to bringing in the outside sources, like, like, that to me is where I'm, like, I I I think the model will be able to figure out what kind of queries it wants to do over someone's email. Based on the conversation that it's having with the person in the in the thread. First, some degree.  
Me: Yeah. So there is a certain amount of  
Them: Yes.  
Me: search you still have to provide. Right? Like, you have to be able to search for, hey, for bathroom issue, search all my sources and actually return back what? Can match.  
Them: Yeah. Exactly. So, like, we have a whole like like, we do, like, codes and standards review. So, like, accessibility is a certain standard. Every state has their own code for it. And, like, we do searching mechanisms over big corpuses of those that we've collected to be able to say, yeah. In Illinois, you need to do this and this and this. Right? And so, like, like, all of our sessions or at least all of the the really useful ones are some combination of, like, very targeted document understanding parts. And broader search parts. And that search is, like, those codes and standards. People can attach their own knowledge bases. Like, they have got a folder with all of our company standards for how we how we design things, and, like, it can search over those, how we vet the drawings we've made to see if they're good. And then also web search too. Right? Like like, we've we've situations don't have it on by default, but we have situations where people might wanna have web search capabilities and and it looks at the document, it looks at the drawings, but then it also searches. And I think, like, when it comes to non document sources, emails, chat threads, sort of internal company, like, stuff like that. Those are the kind of pieces of context that I do think would be more in the search form.  
Me: Yeah. That makes sense. So  
Them: Would you say it's fairly rare then for the second part, the part, to be searching through, like, say, all of SharePoint? It's rare in that we haven't optimized for that flow yet. Like, that kinda hits in, like, the the the the like, non sweet spot of, like, you need some data about all of it, but you don't wanna parse everything there. And so you end up in, like, kind of a like like, I think that is that's that's definitely some kind of issue for us. Like, you do have a situation where, we want to be able to deeply work with some other documents. But there's also the case that they have a ton of other stuff that they might wanna put in there, and it's like, something we grapple with right now too is, like, okay. Well, like, what's the minimal level of work we can do and all that other stuff? As well? Like like, if it is a task where they're like, well, somewhere in my SharePoint, I worked on this project before. Like, we do some file operations there. Like, we're globbing. We're we're doing some, like, basic extraction type stuff. But it's, like, it's less verbose than what we can do with the stuff that people are like, giving us. Gotcha. I have a couple questions. So I went through the PRD, and I wonder if I can ask a few questions around just, like guess I guess unless there's, like, something in in the beforehand you wanna tell me about, like, specific proposals or or how you're doing, I can ask some questions as well.  
Me: Yeah. I just understand I think the thing I wanna understand on my end is, like, what are the tools or, essentially, the API that we need to expose. Right? But it's it's  
Them: Yep. Mhmm. Mhmm.  
Me: sounds like navigation is one, which could be glob or hierarchical structures. It sounds like another one is being able to do search. And then finally, it sounds like open. Right? Like, open file. Right? Which is being that getting that brokered access.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. So I think so, yeah, so, like, high level, I think when we approach this sort of thing, we're thinking lot about, like, those search capabilities, those integrations that are not in our core competency as much, but that we still want and that customers want then I think the next level of that is, like, whether there are connections to those file systems that are allowed for, like, the mass understanding And I think the third level, which is, like, for the ones that people really care about, like, my guess is that would not be something we would wanna put through other places because we wanna have, like, really advanced flows that work over top of them while they're in there. If the permission layer were coming from something else that could theoretically be possible, I that's, like, my rough ordering in terms of, like, where I saw interest from me and and and from our CTO in terms of, like, the the PRD.  
Me: Mhmm.  
Them: But, yeah, so I can ask there's a couple of questions that I just had in terms of, like, how like like like, sort of what what you guys have in in mind when it comes to this. Yeah. So, like, in terms of connection, right, like, I we have flows right now where it's, like, essentially admins will do one set of work first. Say, like, this is a possible configured integration, and they will sometimes go into places to add redirect URLs or or improve certain things or stuff like that. And then there's another layer that is, like, the users are authenticating. I'm curious if, like, you can use Gmail as an example or something or SharePoint. Like, if that were integrated through Eventual, like, what would from that authentication and permissioning point of view, Like like like, what do you guys have in mind when it comes to that?  
Me: Yeah. So so far, mean, I think the feedback we've been hearing is that you want to maintain the source of truth should be the data sources. So, for example, if you know, a file is shared with, like, let's say, two of us, in g drive. That should be maintained by the end user of the other side. And that we think about that is there has to be this almost, like, unification effort where, like, you have these different data sources. Let's say, drive, Gmail, whatever else. And you need to be able to, like, resolve that to users that you have, let's say, in Gnomic.  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: What that would look like is, let's say, a user logs into Nomic and they're running an agent, essentially would then authorize a session. To our system. As that user. Then that would kinda give them a limited role view of the downstream sources. So should only be able to see their own email. They should only be able to see files in g drive that are actually shared with them.  
Them: So, functionally, is that something where they are doing an OAuth in addition to what the overall system does? Like, like, work to ensure that I am who I say I am in addition to Noma can connect to Gmail to some degree?  
Me: Exactly. So the way we see that is, like, you would have to the the way that that it would work is like, you would essentially set up this concept of, like, policies or vaults, essentially, of, like, different repositories of data. Then when your customer to integrate to their data sources, for to satisfy those vaults or criteria, they would then, like, oh, walk into their data sources. Slack with folders they want to have exposed. And then how do you wanna maintain the permissioning?  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: Right? And then what they would have to then do is then be able to reconcile Like, the users they have in your platform to the users they have in that OAuth data source.  
Them: Yeah. That makes sense.  
Me: So, for example, folks are logging in using Google, and Danomic, then it's easy for g drive. But let's say they have both, like, Gmail and Outlook.  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: You would have to then pick some way to resolve that maybe by email, maybe by, like, like, a name or a user ID, but there would have to be some kind of, like, reconciliation.  
Them: Got it. Okay. So it's like if it's not part of their identity on the platform, you need some way to be like, yes. I am my Microsoft account too.  
Me: Yeah. And and I think there's systems that, like, I don't know, I was thinking about this. I'm like, I think initially, we could probably just start with something simple, but then over time, like, you could plug it to, like, an SEIM or something like that to resolve those entities.  
Them: Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. Another thing is around the just like when it comes to bulk versus just in time operations, like, this is something that we deal with a lot is, like, we want like, like, those 500,000 SharePoint files, it took, like, took, like, two days or something for those to go at, like, SharePoint's max rates and all that to to get in there. So it was very important that these operations were, like, sort of gap Like, if if we had been trying to understand and what and, like, get certain things in these, in real time, it would be not very feasible. And and I think it's better when it comes to something like email, but I'm curious how you think about bulk operations versus just in time operations, whether there's a difference there, whether you you would wanna focus on one or the other almost.  
Me: Yeah. No. That one's a pretty interesting one. And I think it has a lot to do with, like, how your customers think and how you think about it.  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: Because, like, one view that we have of this is, like, like, the easiest thing for us to false do is, like, we just index everything and store it into a database, and then we just give you the chunks. But, obviously, like, for your requirements that doesn't quite work. I think for certain data sources, I think there is a possibility that we can broker the connection.  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: I think things like Google Drive have pretty high API limits. You could potentially just, like, broker those connections. But I think for the ones that don't really have that, I think you would have to do some kind of sync mechanism and then store those files, but it would obviously be in, like, a way where, like, the user can still, like, retain control of that storage. And so that could be, like, something like we make a bucket for the customer, or they they authenticate, like, a a storage bucket, and then we can just keep it synced there and then give you pre signed URLs when the user does have access.  
Them: Got it. Okay. So yeah, I I guess that's one of the biggest challenges we found is, like, keeping data in sync when it comes to very large sets is often one of the hardest parts of this. So I'm curious, like, if you have specific thoughts around, like, are are you managing the sync? Are is the customer managing the synchronization How do you make sure, like, a given document is is up to date? And, like, what kind of guarantees would you would you or, like, us through you give to a customer about, like, level of up to date ness?  
Me: Yeah. I think it really depends on the data source. I I think it will have to be case by case, to be honest. Like, if you're talking about a database like, let's say they have a database. That's gonna be impossible to keep up the sync.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: On our end. Right?  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: So you you will always have to, like,  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: broker access. To to that versus, like, I think if you have something that is fairly read only, you could essentially probably just keep a copy of those documents. And and every time you are delegating access, you can check if it's up to date.  
Them: Got it. And and so when it I guess, data storage is a that's a big thing we deal with too. It's like because we're I'm curious what is your how would you position your infrastructure around data storage in terms of, like, keeping copies, keeping sort of processed artifacts of them, like, how all that gets retained, how they manage it, stuff like that. That  
Me: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah, we're we're data people.  
Them: That's something I I think is quite important for it.  
Me: So we've been building these engines for a while. And, yeah, the way we think about  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: is, like, I think there's a lot of really good ways to just build around object storage, and I think this is something that people are usually pretty comfortable And I think even in cases where people enterprises are a little bit more uncomfortable with BYOC, they're usually fine compromising on, okay. You know what? We we will keep all the data in your bucket. And then have retainment policies where, like, hey. All we will always have a time to live. On every artifact we have. And wipe it.  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: After a certain amount of hours.  
Them: That makes sense. And and in that case, is it is it do you think you'd more often end up with copies of full documents or more so with, like, the kind of stuff that you do rag over where it's where it's more like the the chunks the the text snippets, or whatever it is that is gonna be fed into the the engine.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: I I think it honestly depends on how you consume it. Right? So for example, like, like, an example I think about is, like, if you have a document that has the document and a bunch of comments on it and then, like, replies to those comments and emojis on those comments. Right? 'll be very hard for us to just keep up to date and synced and, like, know, the original reconstruction of it. And so if you have a system that  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: wants to keep things as preserved as they are, like, I think we're best  
Them: Got it. So it's more so just, like,  
Me: suited just to give you the URL.  
Them: permissioning model is there. We process it how we want to from there. You're making sure it's only gonna be seen by those that can, I guess?  
Me: In in that case, you can sort of still search over it and then give you the URL. But I think there are plenty of other documents where, like I think, for example, email, I think, is one talked about where, like, I think we can just give you the content, and I think that's fine.  
Them: Got it. Makes sense. Where every call to your guys' end is is mediated by a certain user that's in the product.  
Me: Yep.  
Them: In that mode.  
Me: And I and I think to be honest, like, I think I know I'm giving vague answers, but I think it really just does depend on source by like, data source by data source.  
Them: Yeah. So so let's talk a bit about Microsoft because Microsoft sorry. Do you guys have, like, Fiverr's Like, can you go over, or you have a hard stop here? You're good? Okay. Yeah. So so I so I I guess Microsoft is sort of an area where I'm I'm I'm most curious because all of our customers are are Microsoft companies. Like, I I I genuinely don't know if we've talked to a single one of them that uses Notion. Or, like, or Slack or stuff like that. They are almost all Teams plus Outlook plus SharePoint. Is, like, their bread and butter often. And so I'm curious when it comes to Teams and Outlook, Is this something where you of have a system for how you integrate with these things already where it would like, I'm just curious, like, give those two as an example. Like, how would you go about building a system to allow for that sort of team searching or or Outlook searching?  
Me: Yeah. I mean, to be honest, we haven't built anything for Teams.  
Them: Yeah. Yeah. No. I understand. Yep.  
Me: But I think we've built a lot for Slack, and  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: Drive and those types of files. And so I think in terms of, like, processing the documents, I think we have like, we can reuse lot of that. But I think when it comes to the permissioning models and whatever else there, mean, that's something that we would have to ramp up on. And, I mean, I as far as I know, there's, like, six different ways you can have, like, OneDrive and SharePoint and all that. So would have to just talk to you and see what your customers care about. Like, what are the top, like, two or three we can start  
Them: Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. I was so disgustingly deep in the SharePoint documentation. It was it was horrifying. I I was in threads in Reddit like, Reddit SharePoint, and I was seeing, like, a four year old thread or someone talking about stuff. It I wouldn't wish that on anyone.  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: I know. I mean, like like, that's often the yeah. Go ahead. Sorry. I was gonna say, I think, generally, there are almost these, like classes of systems that we can we will probably end up having some sort of, like, normalization on our end where, like, all emails will kinda look the same way, where it's you're you're pulling in Outlook or Gmail. It ends up in, like, some normalized form in our system, and then it's exposed to you as, like, emails. Right? CRMs, probably be normalized in some form on our system too. Ticketing will probably be normalized in our system. So we have these, like, think, like, knowledge bases or, like, document stores. Like, if you connect Box or Dropbox or SharePoint, they all will Mhmm. In g drive, and we will have to have some loss lossy conversion. Between systems order to gen have a generalizable kind of platform. But, yeah, I think we're at various points of maturity in terms of thinking about the various the different classes, and it does depend on which ones are most important to you and and, you know, prioritization on on which causes you care about. And I guess on the search portion too, if you're saying that, hey. Maybe search over the documents isn't as important as search over a certain class of, like, say, emails. That's something I think we should, like, work on together as well to think about the prioritization there.  
Me: No.  
Them: Mhmm. Yeah. No. I mean I mean, I think that that makes a lot of sense. Yeah. Like like, you have to treat these differently. Like, that's what we found dealing with these is, like, a file in a SharePoint that is getting updated and is 50 megabytes is just a very different beast than an email or or or something like that. Like, trying to build the same abstraction for them just doesn't work. And and and I think we've this. And it's why, like, we build a lot of abstractions around the file system and far less around emails and and the sort of the like, just that different form factor. I think on our end, like, I I'll we'll we'll sort of reconvene as a team and talk more about it. I think definitely the email and team communication type aspect, I think, is is probably the area where we are most curious about sort of solutions in this area, partially because, like, it's just an area that we haven't gone super deep in yet. And so we have been built up a lot of, like, system complexity or or or structures around. But are thinking of doing so in the in the pretty near future. And so I think, like, that is probably the area that comes to mind more so than the file area through a mixture of just, the complexity involved it and the info we've built up for it, although I wouldn't rule anything out there. I think that's roughly reading through, like, where my  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: list was in some sense. Okay. So and and I would read it that then. It's actually all the  
Me: Mean, if  
Them: inter team member communications within your your customer's that you are interested in plugging into. Maybe even, like, transcripts or something of, like, Granola transcripts at some point, that sort of stuff. Yeah. I mean I mean, that's often what we hear from people where it's like, like, you'll have tasks that are, like, they involve a lot of the the drawing set, but then it's also, like, hey. I think we discussed this as a team last week over email what the problem was with the 3rd Floor of the building. Right? Like, that is something where like, we have seen that if we wanna be very useful in of situations, like, we have to be able to try to bring in that outside context. And it and and I think what's nice about it too is that it is fairly isolated from the rest of the system. Like, I don't feel like I need to store every email they send. Within our own database structures. Like in the same way where I do think I kinda need to store a lot of the files they have within our database structures. Yeah. So I think that's another reason that it's kind of it's it's it's lucrative looking to me to go in the email and communications route is because it's, like, it's pretty isolated, it's pretty search based. And, also, your secret sauce is the parsing of the documents. So that part of it is, like, very tightly tied to, like, your Yeah. It's it's it's like the value prop is really around it's parsing of the documents. It's, like, being able to work with the documents really, like, while there there, like like like, add stuff to them, change things, do like like, really work with them as people would on their computers. A lot of what we're trying to and build out here, and that's another reason I think it's, like, like, we could do something where it's like, like a third party is handling the connection and the permissioning and then giving us, like, access in certain layers. But, like, even after that, we now need to like, if there is a project that people a, b, and c are part of and there's a document that has access to that, like, it it there's, like, a lot of complexity. So even once all that's handled to, like, okay. How do we make sure Do we call back to the thing to say, like, oh, can only a, and c see this? Like, is this part of this this certain folder or something? Like like, it's hard for it to really live in our system at that level a way where the email and the other communication stuff is a bit easier. Makes a lot of sense. Cool. Okay. Yeah. Great. I let me make sure. Oh, I had one question. You mentioned Ignite on your on your system. Have you guys like, the what what's your my sense with Ignite is they are very tough when it comes to integration work. So I'm curious if you guys have thought about, like, them or if it's just sort of, like, something that's in your in your mind space around it. So we're talking to a whole bunch of folks, including you all, and the ones that keep coming up for document stores at least are Google Drive, Ignite, and SharePoint. Yeah. And that's why we have those three, and we're actively looking at them. I think we are most familiar with Google Drive and and SharePoint to some extent. Right. That is a little bit more, like, question mark, question mark. It probably will end up being us, like, with enough demand going to ignite themselves and saying that, hey. Like, can we work something out here? Yeah. That makes sense. Yeah.  
Me: It's quite requested from all our conversations.  
Them: Yes. Indeed. It's it they're they're doing really well. Like, like, we we have a client that switched from SharePoint to Ignite for all of their stuff like, while we were working with them. And when they were like, hey. Let's do this. And we were like, alright. I guess if you guys moving over, we'll help out with that. But, yeah, I I think that that makes sense. They're they're an interesting interesting group. Let me see if there's anything else that I'd mention. Yeah. I'm curious if you all are also seeing, Box and Dropbox or not. Not really. In some ways, but I think they're they're far lower down just because of how much more, like, unstructured they are in some sense. Like, I think people, especially in industry, it's like like, I think those are often, like, creative fields. When people are, like, passing stuff around. Like, these are these documents are so structurally important to them that it's like they get into much more sort of structured systems, I find. Okay. That makes sense. And then also a quick question. We started hearing some chatter of, like, wanting to integrate things like CRMs and, like, the more structured data sources like CRMs, my Mhmm. Orders table, my customers table, my vendors. Is that something that's also important for you all or, like, not top of mind at all? So not CRMs. Like, because for the people we're working, they're mostly not. But often, it's like HR software more so and, like, team management software. Like, the thing that we heard a few times was, like, I need to know who is available to work on this project. I'm wondering if you can integrate with, like, our team manager. Like like, it's kinda niche. Like like, I I wanna index on this too hard. But it's like, that's in this industry more so than CRMs. What I'm seeing is people, like, with these sort of, like, internal people management softwares and and understanding, like, the layout of their team. Like, who do we have that is a structural engineer that understands water piping or something like that? Like, that's a question that we got. And I was like, I don't know how to help you with that one. I'm sorry. But  
Me: Yeah. I guess in software line, it's like, looking at their calendar and their expertise. Right? Like, every day  
Them: Exactly. Like like, if it like, contacts and stuff is something we we we work with some people where they give us a big Excel sheet essentially, and they're like, like, we want this as a data source. And it's like, okay. Yeah. We can we can work with that. But it's definitely, like, that sort of area we've seen a bit more. Other question I had, do you guys think about pricing? Like like, how do you think about when it comes to what like, is it like, in terms of data, is in terms of seats, is in terms of, like, different usage? Like, how do you think about a pricing model is for something like this?  
Me: I think there's like, I think three levers we have here. One is, like,  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: you know, oh, of how much data we're processing. I think the next one is, like, how much is being queried, and the next one is,  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: the complexity structure. Of, like, permissioning model.  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: It would be probably some combination of the three or, like, it's, yeah, the data we process for you, the amount of, like, number of, like, unique entities And then finally, just, yeah, how how much is being queried.  
Them: Yeah. And I think that it is something mean, we deal we grapple with this internally a lot too, but, like, that to me is one of the big differences between, like, the email type integrations versus the like, Drive type integrations is, like, if like, if someone wants to sync a SharePoint drive and it has 500,000 files in it, like, like, that would be a big like like, there's a real risk there from my perspective as a business that, like, oh, all of a sudden, like, I've accidentally made a massive bill for you guys and then a massive bill for us that is, like, they didn't actually care about all 500,000 of those files. Right? Like, they didn't actually need a a chunk index with all of those in there. And so you end up, like, in that sort of triage mode, and it's almost like the buck passes to you guys or through some combination of, like, what is the triage to not blow out the bank but still give people the kind of data access that they want. I think those are the questions are are interesting for it.  
Me: Out of out of curiosity, like, I guess 500,000 falls. Why is that expensive?  
Them: It is expensive if we want to process them. In the way that we process the hardest stuff. Like, that sort of, like, like, building in those layers of triage, think, is really important. Because, like, you're right. Like, 500,000 rows in a Postgres database is not expensive. But when you start doing, like, GPU heavy stuff, all of a sudden, that's  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: things start getting bad. And so I think, like, think Andre was mentioning that, like, yeah, like, if you just throw them into Gemini or something in Gemini to, like, process all of them, essentially, that's, like, the the ceiling of the cost that you might be spending here. Right? Yeah. Exactly. It's like it's like and that's sort of the trade off we automated. Right? Like, someone puts that SharePoint in. I make 500,000 post to them. I I make more than that. Right? They have, like, permission models and all this stuff. Like, and that's fine. Like, it deals with it. But it then is a question of, like, okay. How much of this are we actually running through our toughest and our our our thing that is meant to, like, really deeply understand a 30 page roll out a big sheet on a table type architectural diagram, like, much of that are we doing on everything else? And I think, like, that's a challenge I think that you guys might end up being well positioned to deal with is, like, how to how to do different levels of triage on these things or or understand, like, what is something that is cheap to work with, what is something that is  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: expensive to work with. And and it's another reason why right now, I think we try to keep a lot of that in house is because, like, that's that's part of the core competency too. Right? Like, is this a document we have to spend a dollar on? Is it something we have to spend a fraction of a penny on? Like, that's really important stuff for us to to get right, basically.  
Me: No. It is pretty interesting. That's kinda how I've been thinking about it too, which is, if are somehow to make if you are somehow able to make things in order of magnitude more efficient,  
Them: Yeah.  
Me: right, maybe the problem of, like, just in time goes away. You know?  
Them: I know. Yeah. That and that's a lot of what we grapple with internally is, like, some of these problems are, like, just if we can do better with do more with less, all of a sudden, lot of, like, UX problems get better. A lot of, sort of data management problems get better. And so I think that's something we, like we we we think about a lot when it comes to And and I do think there is worlds out there where, like, the answer to that could be like, the triage layer is almost like whether it's coming from a a service like Eventual or whether it's coming from, like, our own parsing system. I think figuring out like, the devil's in the details there in terms of how that works, and that's why I think that's lower in my list than a lot of the other areas. But I do think there's, like,  
Me: Yeah.  
Them: there's definitely a lot of meat on the bone in that.  
Me: Okay. So just to kinda reiterate, like, the biggest value add for where you are today. Be these data sources that you don't have yet. Which is like team communication, essentially. And then the kind of the interface that we talked about is fine there, and I think if we can show more value show value there, then that makes sense then potentially expand into the other domains that you might have already covered.  
Them: Yeah. I think I think that seems roughly right. Yeah. I think those areas are really the the highest bang for our complexity buck and and and and in terms of, like, human labor buck. And then there's other areas that I think are tougher. And the other reason too is, like, we're in the middle of, like, building out a lot of these systems, and I think there is less churn for us when it is net new integrations that we've never had before. And it's just like, it it's like it's a tool call away in some ways versus ones where it's like, we have to do new and deep infrared changes to work with a new way to get these things. Like, I think that  
Me: Okay.  
Them: that's another thing that pushes me more towards the net new stuff.  
Me: That makes sense. Okay. Cool. So I think the key thing for us is that I think we can I think so far, we've been indexing a lot heavier  
Them: Mhmm.  
Me: documents because that's what we talk to? You guys about before. But I think we can kinda come back with something when it comes to more team team communication.  
Them: Yeah. I think I I mean, I I don't think documents are not on the table. I think I'm I'm open I'm definitely interested to hear about the proposals might be for some of the document things. Yeah. To me, it feels like the the communications type things are a lower lift for both of us in some sense. But I but, yeah, no. I I'm curious what you guys would have when it comes to that. And then we we are on we are on left deal. Left yield a little bit, but you know, speaking of left speaking of, like, net new, Mhmm. Have you all ever thought about, like, integrating things, like, powerful people search or search into the product? Like, I wonder how many how much of your sessions index on that. Like, here, like, I'm working with this know, company with this person and this company. Mhmm. Can you, like, prepare me for a meeting with them? Like, what's the latest news about, like, this company or this, like, site that I'm trying to work with and, like, get really, really rich Not just, like, what my normal web search, but actually really rich, like, in saying with that. Yeah.  
Me: Yeah. Like, augmenting your private data with public data.  
Them: It's a good yeah. Yeah. No. It's a good question. I mean, my sense, we haven't seen that as much. Earlier on when we were sort of approaching these forms firms more broadly, I think we were hearing a bit of that from, like, marketing teams, from people. Because, like, the way these industries work is, like, the town of of of Gloucester, Massachusetts puts out a request, like, a request for proposal, right, like an RFP. And then they have to all go and crawl all these things and be like, okay. Like, who do we put together in Massachusetts that can go work on this, like, new beachfront type thing? And so I think there's some of that there. But we've really honed in more on, like, the design and architecture and engineering teams, the people dealing with, like, the big drawings and the big diagrams and and that sort of work as they've been the people that have been most, like, chatty bitty can't solve my problems, whereas the marketing people are, like, pretty happy right now with ChatGPT. And so I think I think there's something there, but I think it's less of the focus in terms of the near of who we're talking to. But I do think, like, if if Noma can get really ingrained with one of these companies and and move up into those other areas too, I do think that could be interesting. Okay.  
Me: Yeah. That makes sense.  
Them: Awesome.  
Me: Okay. Cool. And thank you for your time. And, yeah, should we meet again next week to the tier?  
Them: Yeah. Let me let me get the recording from you guys, and I'll reconvene with with Andre and Ben, we can discuss that. I think tentatively, yeah, I think that makes sense. I think Friday might work better for me if that's possible, but, we can we can we can discuss over  
Me: Okay.  
Them: email as well. Yeah. Friday. I'll just book in a time on Friday for us right now. And feel free to move it around if if necessary. What do you think of same time 11:30 on PST? But for you, I think PST Yes. Let's let me check again. Yeah. That should be fine. Okay. I'll lock it down for us. I'll do I'll do forty five minutes this time.  
Me: Right.  
Them: Just in case. Great. Okay. Sounds good.  
Me: Thanks for your time. I really appreciate it.  
Them: Alright. Talk to you Friday. Thanks for your time. I'll send I'll send us all, like, a little, like, update and summary and all the end of recording well. Yeah. Awesome. Great. Thank you, guys. Bye.  
Me: Alright. Thank you.  
Them: Yep. 